<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
    <head>
        <meta charset="utf-8"/>
        
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="style-standard.css" type="text/css"/>

        <link rel="stylesheet" href="style-advance.css" type="text/css"/>

        <link rel="stylesheet" href="book-style.css" type="text/css"/>

        
        <title>Once more on the Floating Continent</title>
    </head>
    <body class="bodymatter hltr" epub:type="bodymatter">
        <h3 id="toc_index_1">Chapter 1: The Beginning of Eclipse</h3>

<p>Tipsy Tanaka-senpai is like the printer in our department. Occasionally, it stops unexpectedly, only to start moving again just as unexpectedly.</p>

<p>“So, what would you think if I suddenly woke up to justice?” Tanaka-senpai asked as I grabbed a piece of meat. This conversation felt all too familiar, like a document someone had forgotten to pick up just the other day.</p>

<p>“If I left my cute wife and daughter behind and flew off to Syria or Sudan, proclaiming 'This is the world!' would you think I'm insane?” We were the only two customers left in the small yakiniku restaurant with a single counter. The friendly master occasionally strikes up a conversation. Pro-wrestling is our common topic. Tanaka-senpai has a friend who is an editor for a pro-wrestling magazine, and he introduced us to this place.</p>

<p>“Well, I wouldn't go that far,” I said, feeling like I've said this many times before, as I ate my meat. Through my blurry, alcohol-induced vision, I could see the hair on the second joint of Tanaka-senpai's left hand and his slender ring finger adorned with a wedding band.</p>

<p>“I'm not a journalist, you know,” he said, finishing his meat and taking a swig of beer. “I'm just a cute dad who writes articles for a newsweekly.”</p>

<p>Well, I can understand that, regardless of whether he's cute or not. Tanaka-senpai smiles with a crooked grin, offering me more beer in my empty glass. His flushed face reminds me that he just had a daughter last year. He checks his watch multiple times, apologizing to his wife, but insists on staying for another five minutes since there's still some meat left and to catch the next express train.</p>

<p>“Terui-chan, I know you're growing a Tan-po-po flower like that,” he teases, tilting the beer bottle and staining a single strand of my yellow hair. “If I go home at an unexpected time, I'll be scolded for waking up the baby who's just been put to sleep, you know? That's why I'm shifting the time a little like this.”</p>

<p>I think to myself, if you're going to shift the time, you should shift it earlier.</p>

<p>“You say that again! You should know by now that the atmosphere isn't about going home on time, right? How many years have you been? The reporting department, Mr. Ken Terui?” Seniors always talk about how many years someone's been around. I've been with the company for three years and am five years junior to Tanaka-senpai. I wanted to work for a leisure magazine, but somehow I ended up at a gossip magazine. By the way, the “reporting department” Tanaka-senpai self-deprecatingly refers to doesn't actually exist; we're not real journalists.</p>

<p>Many people on social media call themselves journalists, but I feel intimidated. I think that if I call myself a journalist, I'll have to write articles as a real journalist. I've even deleted entries from my blog, which I've had since my student days, about getting a job. Now, it's just about the mountains I visit on my days off, with a paraglider on the cover. I still fly occasionally, and Tanaka-senpai often leaves comments.</p>

<p>“Journalists are those who have chosen that lifestyle. We're different,” says Tanaka-senpai, casually mentioning something I've been trying not to think about.</p>

<p>“People say we should report accurately and expose wrongdoing, but if they think that, they should do it themselves. Unfortunately, we don't have that kind of social justice here. We're doing it to make money, that's all,” he makes a gesture with his right hand, representing money.</p>

<p>“Money!” I echo, making the same gesture.</p>

<p>“What kind of journalism is it if we can't even report on our own company's corruption? All I see around me are exclusive stories,” Tanaka-senpai says, setting down his empty glass and exhaling a beer-scented breath.</p>

<p>“It's okay, you can look down on me,” he smiles, “I don't mind being looked down upon. I'm happy. But,” he pauses, “you,” he stops again, “are different.”</p>

<p>Senpai is a perfect example of a drunkard.</p>

<p>“You don't even have a girlfriend, and you just went through a heartbreak recently,” he continues.</p>

<p>Well, that's true.</p>

<p>“You're neither happy nor ambitious. So, what are you going to do?” he asks, gazing emptily at his glass.</p>

<p>“You have to choose quickly. Do you want to be happy, or do you want to devote yourself to society?”</p>

<p>I wonder if I really have to choose.</p>

<p>“I always think your work is amazing, Senpai. I'm in awe of the articles you bring in,” I say, having always admired him. His genuine face beneath his embarrassed laughter, everything.</p>

<p>“Of course, you should learn from me,” he replies.</p>

<p>Senpai is never satisfied with his current job. Deep down, he's still struggling to become a journalist.</p>

<p>“Yes, I understand, Senpai,” I reply, but his words in response are slurred and barely comprehensible.</p>

<p>“Please let your wife relax on your day off tomorrow, Senpai,” I suggest. I signal to the master, who tells Tanaka-senpai it's time to close up.</p>

<p>We leave Jun-chan's Grilled Meat in Mitaka's North Exit, and walk towards the station, hailing a taxi.</p>

<p>“I wonder if there's some big news out there that would awaken my journalistic soul,” he muses.</p>

<p>“Yeah,” I agree absentmindedly, then remember, “Oh, speaking of which, there's supposed to be a solar eclipse tomorrow. It'll be visible from Indonesia across the Pacific. Apparently, we can see a small part of it from Japan.”</p>

<p>“Really? Then let's go watch it together.”</p>

<p>“Yeah, Shall we?”</p>

<p>The next day, after I escort the leaning Tanaka-senpai to his apartment in Kokubunji, the first news report is about the suspension of international flights.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>News bulletins were not being issued, and SNS information was ahead, with television news waiting for the morning drama to end before finally reporting during a variety show, “All flights at Haneda and Narita airports have been suspended.” The female anchor said, “The cause has not been announced yet. I hope it's resolved soon,” while trying to maintain a serious face, and the male anchor concluded, “We'll keep you updated as more information comes in.” Then they moved on to a segment about miraculous laundry techniques. Television seemed desperate to cling to normalcy.</p>

<p>In reality, there was a worldwide network outage. Mobile phones were out of service in more and more areas, and confusion could be seen on the other side of the television. One hour after the miraculous laundry technique segment, an urgent news bulletin was broadcast, and it switched to a special program. According to the report, there were global communication outages and worldwide suspension of airplane operations. No further information was available.</p>

<p>Something bad was happening—</p>

<p>Even those who weren't magazine journalists probably sensed this. As SNS congestion increased and trouble multiplied, morning turned to 9:30 a.m. while flipping through TV channels. If I had gone to the office instead of taking a day off, I might have gotten more information. However, reports of train suspensions were coming in one after another. And strangely, my hearts were racing in this emergency situation. Then, a call from a senior colleague:</p>

<p>“A tsunami is coming. Coastal areas are already flooding. Don't move from there.”</p>

<p>A tsunami?</p>

<p>“Wait a minute, what is happening?”</p>

<p>If it were a tsunami, it wouldn't be information that would be withheld from the news. As soon as it could be predicted, a news flash would be issued.</p>

<p>“I don't know, but the people in Jimbocho are all saying it. They say the water level is actually starting to rise. There's no news of a major earthquake, and we don't know whether it's a tsunami or what, or how big it is. Also, radio stations in Hawaii have been wiped out. The cause is probably the same.”</p>

<p>“Is it on a global scale?”</p>

<p>“Yeah, if the tsunami is real, the electricity will go out soon. Charge all your mobile batteries before that.”</p>

<p>As soon as the call ended, a tsunami warning began to air on television. In places where the waves could travel upriver, such as river mouths, the wave height was over 10 meters, covering the entire range of Japan.</p>

<p>“Do not let your guard down even if you are far from the sea, as waves can push inland along rivers—”</p>

<p>This warning was repeated two or three times.</p>

<p>At 10:00, television stations simultaneously switched to reporting on the tsunami, and damage from various locations across the country was broadcast.</p>

<p>In the afternoon, videos of tsunamis and flooded subways appeared on the internet. There were many unrelated fakes. Still, there was no doubt that coastal areas were being swallowed up by the sea. Additionally, unlike a regular tsunami, the water did not recede. Some TV stations had flooded entrances and reported on the situation.</p>

<p>In the evening, images from weather satellites were leaked. If seen without any preconceptions, it appeared to be “an image of a huge continent being born in the Pacific.” However, it was considered either a forgery or an error in image processing. Then, as expected, a rebellion of collaged images. A giant continent replaced with a game map, or collages featuring a cult leader from the past. However, this time, there were also many transmissions from journalists who felt a sense of crisis due to the media control. Multiple reliable accounts reported that the imperial family had evacuated Tokyo by Self-Defense Forces helicopter.</p>

<p>After 8:00 pm, another call from the senior colleague:</p>

<p>“There will be a press conference at 2:00 am. It seems to be a simultaneous worldwide event. There will be an announcement at the United Nations, followed by a press conference with the Japanese Prime Minister. The location is Iruma.”</p>

<p>“Iruma, as in Saitama?”</p>

<p>“The news hasn't reported it, but the city center is already quite flooded. And instead of the water receding, the sea level is still rising. So they're holding the press conference at the Iruma Self-Defense Forces base.”</p>

<p>“Are you going, too?”</p>

<p>“I asked the desk, but it seems they're choosing more established reporters.”</p>

<p>“Can I go?”</p>

<p>“No way. You've got a Tan-po-po growing out of your head.”</p>

<p>When I went to the convenience store, almost all water and food supplies had disappeared. There were no cup noodles or snack foods. I found some gummy candy with a toy included, so I bought that for now.</p>

<p>“Shortly, the press conference will be held by the government following the UN announcement.”</p>

<p>Every five minutes, the television made an announcement while reporting on the nationwide damage.</p>

<p>Then, at 2:00 am, the press conference with the UN Secretary-General began in New York, local time 1:00 pm. The press conference was broadcast simultaneously worldwide with live interpretation. All Japanese TV stations covered it, as did radio, internet streaming, and almost all other media outlets.<br/>
The content of the press conference was as follows:</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>At Greenwich Mean Time, April 19th, 9:15 pm, a continent appeared in the Pacific Ocean, including the area above the Hawaiian Islands. Its size is 5,800 kilometers east to west, 2,700 kilometers north to south, with an area comparable to that of North America.</p>

<p>The outer edge of the continent is about 500 meters above sea level, appearing as if it's floating, but the details are unclear.</p>

<p>Global flooding, believed to be caused by the emergence of the continent, has occurred due to gravitational changes. Despite trying all possible means to contact the Hawaiian Islands, communication has been unsuccessful, and their disappearance is being considered.</p>

<p>Attempts to investigate the interior of the continent using aircraft have been unsuccessful, as all planes lost contact upon entering the plains, and no information has been obtained. Satellite images are currently being examined by experts.</p>

<p>At this time, it is unconfirmed whether people, other intelligent life forms, or any living organisms inhabit the continent.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Following the press conference, there were questions from reporters, such as whether the United States would claim sovereignty over the new continent, whether the aircraft were shot down, and what actions the United Nations forces would take.</p>

<p>Next, the Japanese government held a press conference with the same content as the UN Secretary-General's statement but translated into Japanese. It was added that the emergence of the floating continent occurred at 6:15 am on April 20th, Japan Standard Time, and that the western end of the continent is located approximately 2,400 kilometers southeast of Tokyo.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Thoughts become tangled and understanding struggles to catch up. The appearance of a floating continent should be a cause for celebration, but the damage it caused is enormous. It's unclear why it's floating or even if it's floating at all, but the impact is global. The aftermath is unimaginable. Flooding in the plains will disrupt logistics, and the economy will face an unprecedented blow. Air and ocean currents will change, leading to global fluctuations in weather.</p>

<p>The aircraft that lost contact over the continent were likely shot down, which suggests the presence of a significant civilization. At least it wasn't a war, which offers some reassurance, but there is probably even greater despair ahead.</p>

<p>Suddenly, the memory of today's solar eclipse comes to mind, but such an event doesn't even make it into the news anymore.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next day, as a series of earthquakes with a magnitude of 3 or 4 occurred in various places and the government requested people to refrain from going out, I headed to the satellite office in Nakano-Sakaue on my motorcycle. The route to the office was partially regulated, and the vehicles on the road were different from usual. Emergency vehicles, including those from the Self-Defense Forces, and construction-related vehicles were conspicuous. Sirens sounded, and lines of cars queued at supermarkets. I passed through the Higashi-Kanto Expressway, Hitomi Street, and Itsukaichi Street.</p>

<p>The meeting space in the office where the web editing team worked was filled with familiar faces. While frustrated by the unstable internet connection, people browsed the web or made phone calls. Normal operations were completely halted, and everyone was swamped with just trying to grasp the current situation.</p>

<p>“Terui-chan, look at this,” my senior colleague showed me a video.</p>

<p>A white, twin-hulled airship-like object was flying around at an unbelievable speed. “This footage was taken in Los Angeles. It's about the size of a sightseeing bus. The principles of flight, armament, and purpose are all unknown. People think it might be related to the floating continent.”</p>

<p>The term “floating continent” had become established by now. The aircraft was like a UFO, hovering in mid-air, and then accelerating rapidly in the blink of an eye. The twin-hulled airship resembled a pair of binoculars, or two water bottles put together. It seemed to have a front, but it could move backward and stay afloat even when tilted at 90 degrees.</p>

<p>“Didn't the air force go after it?”</p>

<p>“It's flying at an altitude of about 10 meters, so it's likely not detected by radar. We're not even sure if flying at that altitude is considered an airspace violation.”</p>

<p>As we were talking, another senior colleague, a military enthusiast, chimed in while sipping his coffee.</p>

<p>“At this altitude, only helicopters or maybe the Thunderbolt could intercept it. Or ground troops, but that would be difficult due to the object's mobility. If the engine isn't emitting heat, there are no missiles that could track it. Firing machine guns blindly would be the only way to deal with it.”</p>

<p>It's not yet confirmed that there's a civilization on the floating continent. Is it too early to ask whether there will be a war or not? As I was pondering, my senior colleague asked, “If we end up at war with them, do we stand a chance?”</p>

<p>Exactly that.</p>

<p>“No chance,” he answered bluntly.</p>

<p>“The strongest military in the world is the U.S. military. Their operations are centered around carrier strike groups and expeditionary strike groups, which are basically amphibious assault forces. If the ocean is connected, they can enter, but if not, there's nothing they can do. Aircraft are being shot down one after another. Ground troops can't do anything either. The only possibility might be launching intercontinental ballistic missiles from above, but if that doesn't take out the enemy's core in one strike, we'll be counterattacked and it's over. America would vanish in an instant.”</p>

<p>He spoke all in one breath.</p>

<p>“There's no path through war. We have to reach negotiations at all costs, or humanity is finished.”</p>

<p>My senior colleague repeatedly played the video and muttered those words as he watched.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Many of the affected cities showed no signs of recovery. Cities along the Pacific coast were devastated. Tokyo was no exception; subway stations closer to Tokyo Bay than the Yamanote Line, such as Akasaka-mitsuke Station, were completely submerged as drainage couldn't keep up. As a result, most subway lines, including the Hibiya and Ginza lines, as well as Haneda Airport, ceased to function.</p>

<p>Only the national broadcasting corporation was able to keep operating, delivering tragic news while also suggesting the possibility that “settling the floating continent and migrating there could bring greater benefits than what has been lost.” However, the reality is that dozens of military aircraft from various countries have already been shot down; it's just not being reported. There are rumors that the attacks aren't missiles but charged particle beams. The news conveyed chaos, and heated arguments frequently broke out in the newsroom.</p>

<p>But I decided to leave that kind of reporting to others.</p>

<p>I felt detached due to the daily news coverage, and thought that since I didn't understand the military, politics, or economics, it might be better to chase after things like what lives on the floating continent. When I talked to Tanaka-senpai about it, he immediately replied,</p>

<p>“Well, of course, it's not humans living there.” And, he grin. “The livestock aren't the cows or pigs we know either, but creatures that evolved from reptiles, like Moomoos resembling cows, and Booboos resembling pigs.”</p>

<p>Although their tone was somewhat teasing, I eagerly agreed, saying, “Yes, that's exactly what I mean.” To calm me down, my senior continued,</p>

<p>“Terui-chan, do you know that we are being marked by the Public Security?”</p>

<p>We are?</p>

<p>“We're included in the list of people likely to cross over to the floating continent. I'm not going, and it's all your fault. Well, if you go, I'll help you.”</p>

<p>My senior chuckled. I've known him for a long time, and I understand that despite his casual tone, he is seriously considering the situation. Many journalists only crave information about the floating continent but don't actually want to go there.</p>

<p>——We have to go to get started. What are we doing?</p>

<p>I remembered the words we exchanged one day at a barbecue place called Jun-chan's Grilled Meat.</p>

<p>“But how do we get there?”</p>

<p>My senior colleague looked down, fiddling with a tube of blue moisturizer.</p>

<p>“From what I've heard, we'll need to take a plane from Micronesia.”</p>

<p>Tanaka-senpai has probably thoroughly investigated everything. It's not “us” who are being watched by Public Security, but most likely my senior colleague.</p>

<p>“When you get close to the continent, you'll parachute down. If you fly directly overhead, you'll get shot down, so you approach from an angle, like this.”</p>

<p>My senior colleague mimicked an airplane and a person with his left hand and the moisturizer, making a swooshing sound as if gliding.</p>

<p>“You could start from Guam, but the US military's surveillance is strict, so first you'll take a boat to a remote island in Micronesia. On the way back, you'll use a reserve parachute and go whoosh!”</p>

<p>He said it like a comic book. If I laughed it off, he would probably just start talking about his daughter again.</p>

<p>But still.</p>

<p>“By the way, how far is it from Micronesia?”</p>

<p>My senior colleague put the moisturizer on the desk and began to carefully spread the thin layer of cream on his hand again.</p>

<p>“I think it's about 300 kilometers from Micronesia? I forgot the distance from Guam, but it's difficult because of the strict surveillance by the US military.”</p>

<p>When I got a detailed map and checked, I found an island called Pingelap about 30 kilometers from the edge of the floating continent. It's right on the equator, so it would be possible to fly there without cold-weather gear.</p>

<p>As my senior colleague said, parachuting from the edge of the continent didn't seem realistic. But if I went skydiving on the way there and paragliding on the way back, I thought that might work, so I sent him a message. Five days later, he replied, “Would you be a journalist?” and immediately called me.</p>

<p>“I told the sponsor about you, and they're very interested. I mentioned that you might only be able to bring back a single leaf, but they're fine with it. Brace yourself for the pay, okay? 800 million yen for a single leaf return. Of course, all travel expenses are covered by the sponsor. You have to do it, right?”</p>

<p>I had never heard about the sponsor before. I brushed it off as someone with peculiar interests, but before I knew it, both my senior colleague and I had started planning our landing without a clear agreement. There was no contract, but a friend of my senior colleague stepped in, saying, “If I'm involved, I won't let anything be ambiguous,” while imitating someone else.</p>

<p>The departure date was eerily imminent, the tickets were to be handed over on the day, and the travel itinerary was to be revealed on the day as well – a suspicious plan. But somehow, there was no turning back anymore.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>I'll be bringing a water bottle, portable water purifier, portable food, a smartphone that might not work as a camera, and a survival knife—</p>

<p>“Don't get bitten by mosquitoes. Well, it might not be mosquitoes, but still,” my senior colleague said as he drank canned coffee by the window. It was a minor brand of coffee, only available from a vending machine near the apartment. I wondered who actually bought that.</p>

<p>Medicine for insect bites and insect repellent as a placebo—</p>

<p>“Should I get any vaccinations?”</p>

<p>“We don't know what kind of bacteria or viruses are there, so it's probably pointless. You could bring some antibiotics as a placebo, though.”</p>

<p>In addition, I'll need towels, a plastic sheet, a lighter, a flashlight, waterproof matches, a radio with a generator, a transmitter, goggles, a mask, and cold-weather clothing.</p>

<p>“But seriously, what are you doing? All you need is a single leaf, right? Just land on the edge of the continent, pluck a leaf, and jump off within five minutes.”</p>

<p>“I know, that's the plan,” I replied, although it wasn't my true intention.</p>

<p>“Terui-chan,” he said with a slightly serious look in his eyes, “you don't really get it, do you? That's quite an elaborate preparation for just five minutes.” When he questioned me, I decided to be a little more honest.</p>

<p>“If it seems safe, I thought I'd go a little deeper.”</p>

<p>“No, if you do that, we won't know when to come and pick you up.”</p>

<p>“Can you wait for me for just one day?”</p>

<p>“I can't help you with that. You'll have to negotiate that yourself. I'm too scared to give any advice now.”</p>

<p>I hesitated to say it, but—</p>

<p>“The five minutes to pick the leaf are as an employee. After that, I'll be a journalist.”</p>

<p>And the other party wants that too, I'm sure.</p>

<p>My senior colleague looked into my eyes silently for a moment.</p>

<p>“Don't try to act cool, Tan-po-po.”</p>

<p>Then, as if trying to cover up the words he was about to say, he chuckled, “Haha.”</p>

<p>I tried to pick up the lightest possible items for my luggage, but it still weighed 30 kilograms. The backpack was reversible with the harness of the paraglider, which is the seat part, and the contents were the main body of the paraglider.</p>

<p>I should have checked with an experienced person whether it's possible to skydive with such a load, but the plan was top secret, and I couldn't use any newly purchased equipment because it would be marked. I felt a little uneasy about the sloppiness of the plan, but—<br/>
“The 800 million yen price includes the risk,” said my senior colleague.<br/>
That's basically the price of my life, isn't it?</p>

<div class="sepalator">*</div>

<p>“If you can't make it to the floating continent, descend to the ocean and land in the water. We'll be able to see you, and the team waiting on the ocean will come to pick you up immediately,” the operator reiterated the instructions I had received earlier. However, half of his words were carried away by the wind. Beneath me was nothing but a vast ocean, with no trace of fishing boats, and a few clouds drifting above.</p>

<p>“Takeoff in 5 seconds.”</p>

<p>I gave a thumbs up.</p>

<p>The operator's flag went down.</p>

<p>I jumped out of the plane from an altitude of 3,800 meters above the floating continent, or more precisely, slightly diagonally above the ocean. The remnants of my everyday life, which had faintly clung to me even inside the plane, vanished in the wind.</p>

<p>The floating continent spread far below me. The altitude of its outer edge was 1,600 meters. I had 30 to 35 seconds of free fall before opening my parachute at 2,200 meters. During this time, I would glide to the airspace above the floating continent. Once I caught the wind, the sensation of falling disappeared. I was simply riding the wind. As I directed my body towards the continent, the wind carried me.</p>

<p>Forests spread across the outer edges, followed by grasslands. There were streams and paths in the grasslands, and I could see lakes and what appeared to be small settlements in the distance. I had seen photos beforehand, but actually seeing it with my own eyes was different. Adrenaline pulsed and raced up the back of my neck. I could scream at the top of my lungs, but the wind would snatch away all the sound. My altitude kept dropping. I had three days' worth of portable food, and my military otaku senior colleague had prepared a military-grade water purifier for me. As I thought about it, my altitude continued to decrease. My parachute opened. All electronic devices were turned off, but if I were discovered here, I could be shot down by a mysterious attack. However, the excitement of the chase drowned out such fears. As I began to see the finer details of the ground, the birds in my chest began to stir. An ordinary grassland. Ordinary trees. An ordinary landscape where no one would be surprised to see someone walking. Its eeriness. I clumsily controlled the unfamiliar parachute and landed on a grassy area not far from the outer edge.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Looking around, the wind was pleasant. It was a world that could be called indistinguishable from the ground. I hesitantly turned on my smartphone, took several photos of the landscape, the grass at my feet, the rocks, and the ground, and looked through the album, but everything was ordinary. I couldn't get any reception in this area, but in my mind, my senior colleague immediately commented.</p>

<p>These photos are not worth the 800 million yen fee at all—</p>

<p>Yes, I think so too—</p>

<p>I replied with emoticons. Bitter smile. Sweat.</p>

<p>I placed my smartphone on my backpack as a stand and folded my parachute while taking pictures. The air was thin, and my breath was getting heavier. It was supposed to take only five minutes to descend, but it had already been thirty.</p>

<p>There was a faint sense of nostalgia in the grass at my feet. I recalled the scent of the white sap on my fingers as I once broke a grass stem. I wiped my fingers with my shirt and sniffed the scent. I couldn't remember when or where. From the nodes of the stems crawling low along the ground, I could smell the scent of spring when I closed my eyes. And there were many something flying. They were about the size of flies and flew like insects. They might be the reptile flies or fly-like buzzbuzzs that Tanaka-senpai had mentioned, but they looked like ordinary flies. Whether these flies were responsible or not, I already had several insect bites, and they were swelling up.</p>

<p>When I checked the time, it was past 1 PM. If I just wanted to get my hands on the 800 million yen, I could pluck the leaves at my feet, find a slope where I could take off, and spread my paraglider. However, when I looked toward the interior, there were grasslands. Beyond them, there were said to be lakes and even settlements. The inhabitants of those places might be reptile people or even fish people. “Why didn't you go and check?” my senpai would probably say. You would go too Senpai, having come this far.</p>

<p>As I breathed in the air that resembled the mist on a high mountain, moistened it in my lungs, and exhaled, I stumbled through the rough terrain without a path. I thought I should take a look at the sea first, but I needed to find a better vantage point to see the crucial Pingelap Island. The air was thin, and I felt a suffocating sensation in my throat.</p>

<p>When traveling by train, the coastline is drawn intermittently before my eyes. Between tunnels, the sky opens up like taking a breath. Trees rush by. The power lines flow low, high, and low again, and then another tunnel changes the sound of the wind. The sound of water dripping from the walls when walking through a tunnel on a road that only cars pass, carrying a backpack.</p>

<p>As I walked along the periphery, I noticed an unnaturally white spherical object in the distance.</p>

<p>“Oh, there's still snow left,” I thought.</p>

<p>But as I got closer, a significant sense of unease spread inside me. It was an obviously artificial object, a homogeneous sphere with no cloudiness. The milky-white plastic-like dome was about three meters in diameter. From a distance about as far as a tennis court, it didn't appear hard but soft and wet. Underneath the white thin skin of the sphere, there was something organic, like an egg just before hatching, wriggling and emitting light in places. My thoughts stopped, and one by one, my emotions vanished, leaving only fear. The thing in front of me didn't resemble anything I had ever seen before. My legs froze before my thoughts could come together, and the nerves throughout my body bristled in terror. The color was the same as the flying object that my senpai had shown me, captured in Los Angeles.</p>

<p>If this was an artificial object, then it might be the one that shot down the U.S. military aircraft. But if I could only silence the fear in my heart, this would be a good souvenir. This thing in front of me is what I risked my life for, isn't it? I carefully even out and calm my fears. I approach it slowly, soothingly telling my hands and feet that I have found something that will conquer my fears.</p>

<p>“Senpai, I found our 800 million yen prize.”</p>

<p>I took out my phone from my pocket and launched the camera, but the white dome emitted a growl. The eyes within the sphere turned towards me, capturing my figure in an instant with focused movement unlike its previous aimless motion. At the same time, the dome itself rose about a meter and projected a red laser sight.</p>

<p>I felt the air becoming charged.</p>

<p>Instinctively, I let go of my phone, and the sphere emitted a high-pitched noise as it watched the device. My phone, or rather, I myself, was about to receive the same attack that the U.S. military aircraft had faced. I had to avoid it. I flailed my arms and legs to distance myself from the spot, and an explosion erupted behind me. The blast of hot air knocked me down and swept across the grass.</p>

<p>When I looked back, smoke was rising from the glass-like discolored ground. Fear filled my chest involuntarily. I tried to steady my trembling legs and stand on the ground, but there was no sound of my footsteps. Only the ringing in my ears clung to the scene far away. “The next attack is coming.” Different parts of my body screamed, but my will remained scattered.</p>

<p>Nevertheless, as I started running, my footsteps sounded far away. The explosion had left me with impaired hearing. The thin air of the highlands made it difficult to breathe. The more I ran, the narrower my field of vision became. I was supposed to just bring back a single leaf. If I plucked a leaf and put it in my pocket, it should have been over. My breath grew ragged, and my legs would no longer lift. My toes caught on a rock, and my next step tangled as I fell.</p>

<p>A numbing chill wrapped around my lips, and my labored breathing sprayed saliva. No matter how much I breathed, it didn't get easier. My legs abandoned me. The gap between what my eyes saw and what my body felt widened. I couldn't stop trembling, and a sense of paralysis spread through my limbs.</p>

<p>“Ahh, enough!”</p>

<p>I shouted, shaking my body, trying to shake off the paralysis that clung to my hands and feet. I hit my arms and legs with my fists, trying to bring back sensation. The fear of death made my entire body shudder. My body wanted to flee further, trembling with anxiety, but the meaning of the scenery that entered my eyes crumbled more and more.</p>

<p>And now, it starts raining.</p>

<p>If I get soaked and lose body heat, I'll die.</p>

<p>Everything seems to be aligned with the intention to kill me.</p>

<p>Not knowing where to go, I stumble just two meters ahead, confused, two more meters ahead. I rummage through my backpack and pull out the golden emergency sheet I brought for insulation. Wrapped in it, trembling and wiping my runny nose with my sleeve, I realize just a few days ago I thought this would be enough to keep me warm. Why didn't I choose camouflage? If some bloodthirsty alien saw me, how would they react? But if I die like that, it can't be helped. Because I'm stupid. Dying a stupid death is just what I'd do.</p>

<p>I had actually considered bringing a tent or sleeping bag. Really. But doing so would have made my luggage incredibly heavy. Besides, Senpai would have realized that I intended to stay here. In retrospect, it wouldn't have mattered if he found out, and I should have prepared accordingly.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Wrapped in the sheet and leaning my back against the slope, I slowly drift off to sleep, only to wake up shivering in the cold during the night. The rain has stopped.</p>

<p>I squint in the moonlight, searching for grass or wood to use as kindling, and the ground is faintly covered in a yellowish light. From the grass I saw during the day, thin stems extend, with round spores at their tips. It resembles neither plants nor fungi. In fact, it might be something entirely different. A full moon floats in the sky, and despite being a familiar sight, it feels as if I'm on another planet, not Earth.</p>

<p>The insect bites have swollen and are throbbing. The area around the center, about 10 centimeters in diameter, has turned dark red and hardened. I'll sleep just a little bit more, and if I wake up properly in the morning, I'll search for drinking water. I'll explore this world a bit more before thinking about going back. And if I don't wake up, that's the end, and it's okay.</p>

<p>My breath is white, and the starry sky during a sleepless night is like a canopy of 130 billion light-years. Yet it takes only an instant for my gaze to reach it.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>And without knowing when I fell asleep, I suddenly realize that morning has arrived.</p>

<p>The number of insect bites has increased to seven, all concentrated on my hands and face. As soon as I get back to the surface, I'll receive 800 million yen. With that money, I can get the necessary equipment, rent a plane, and come back here again. I'll also make sure to plan for proper protection against insect bites.</p>

<p>I stretch my creaking body as I search for higher ground. As soon as I decide to return, a sense of loneliness attacks my heart. A gaping hole called giving up. I hold it closed with both hands, crushing the faint things that keep spilling out from its depths, while I move my heavy legs. I've been walking on rough terrain since yesterday, my shoes are soaked, slippery, and my hands and neck, bitten by insects, are swollen and radiating heat.</p>

<p>Nevertheless, my backpack has wings. Nerves run through those wings, and my back knows how to control them. They are a part of me. As soon as I wear them, I can return to my true self.</p>

<p>I spread the paraglider on the slope of the high ground.</p>

<p>The radio, flashlight, solar charging sheet, waterproof case—despite a week of worrying and striving for weight reduction, they were all things I never used. I estimate they weigh about 5 kilograms, and I take them out of my backpack and wrap them in the emergency sheet. I look around, trying to remember the surrounding scenery for when I come back someday, but there's no particular landmark. Well, it can't be helped. The chance to come back here is just an excuse to give up on this place.</p>

<p>The paraglider spreads out over the gentle slope like a rainbow. The harness and I are connected by lines. In my mind, there's a checklist to prepare for takeoff, and I've nearly completed it.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Jump, jump.</p>

<p>I swing my arms to loosen my body, the wind is gentle, and I can take off at any time.</p>

<p>In front of me is the edge of a cliff on the floating continent, and beyond it is the sea.</p>

<p>I take a deep breath, then start running with quick steps on the spot.</p>

<p>The weight of the canopy filled with air presses on my shoulders, and the command reaches all the muscles in my thighs.</p>

<p>My wings have returned.</p>

<p>Are you all ready?</p>

<p>The radial lines cut through the wind.</p>

<p>Each beat of my heart sends power through me, raising steam within.</p>

<p>I kick the heavy ground, again and again, and after a few steps, my toes cut through the air.</p>

<p>Just like that, an updraft catches me.</p>

<p>The edge of the floating continent drops below my line of sight, and the sea beyond rises.</p>

<p>Beyond that is the ocean where the small islands of Micronesia should be.</p>

<p>I just have to keep looking there and keep flying.</p>

<p>Without looking back, straight ahead.</p>

<p>The last item on the checklist, “Don't look back.”</p>

<p>If I look back here, I will become a pillar of salt.</p>

<p>Like Orpheus' wife, I will be trapped in the underworld.</p>

<p>But—</p>

<p>The air current is thermal, an uplifting updraft.</p>

<p>The wind that has shown me so many sceneries promises to show me a new world.</p>

<p>There, I might see the roofs of unfamiliar houses in unfamiliar towns. The town's canals, the terraced fields with intermittent stairs, well-maintained stone walls, and perhaps even people walking the streets.</p>

<p>Even if I fly further into the continent, I can turn back in an hour. The ship coming to pick me up will probably wait for a day, and even if I'm a little late, I should be able to catch up with the departing ship.</p>

<p>I leave the last item on the checklist unchecked.</p>

<p>My right hand slowly begins to pull the brake cord.</p>

<p>Rising in a thermal, the glider slowly turns, catching the uplifting current to gain altitude.</p>

<p>I'm sorry, Senpai. I looked back after all.</p>

<p>As I continue to gain altitude, I see a settlement in the depths of the continent, with several houses lined up around a lake, a pier, and even small boats visible. There must be people or something close to them living there. There, I might find creatures similar to Moomoos resembling cows, Booboos resembling pigs, and Gaagaas resembling ducks.</p>

<p>In the distance, I see a figure on horseback.</p>

<p>I'm sorry, my return will be late.</p>

<p>But I promise, I will return.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_2">Chapter 2 Frare Karel (1)</h3>

<p>As I step outside the room after the continental shift is completed, a solar eclipse begins.</p>

<p>“Beriche, it's a solar eclipse!”</p>

<p>I call out to Beriche, who was in the living room, and step outside into the slightly lower pressure atmosphere of this planet, closing my nictitating membrane.</p>

<p>“Does such a large satellite really overlap with the main star?”</p>

<p>Beriche follows me and squints at the brightness.</p>

<p>“Since their apparent size is almost the same, they'll overlap perfectly. It's rare for a planet to have a satellite and main star so close in size.”</p>

<p>The atmosphere of Darl star is still clinging to the continent, and for now, the smell of the forest across the lake and the scent of the grass piled up in the fields remain unchanged. But that will slowly blend with the atmosphere of this planet, Earth. From now on, the quality of water and vegetation will change. Influenced by the dust and micro lifes carried by the wind and birds, it will be destroyed and then slowly recover over a long period of time.</p>

<p>“Earth's diameter is slightly smaller than Darl, and the edge of the continent is floating, so this area seems to be quite high above sea level.”</p>

<p>“Oh, really? I thought we'd be near the sea after the continental shift, but we can't see it?”</p>

<p>“You can see it, but it's below the clouds. Let's go take a look later.”</p>

<p>Beriche nods vigorously, her lips softening with sweetness as she says, “I knew Frare would say that.”</p>

<p>We haven't been here for many days yet.</p>

<p>My mother, Tzidi Karel, is a vocalist. Beriche is her third disciple, and we are like sisters. Our senior apprentices, Adel and Nick, also live with us, and they are now each engaged in tuning their instruments. We've been hearing about the plan to move the continent long before the move, but we prioritized the move as changing the planet would change the air pressure, atmospheric composition, and sound image, so we suspended composing.</p>

<p>Beriche inhales the scenery around her and says,</p>

<p>“It seems they're going to rebuild some of the old bridges.”</p>

<p>She sighs.</p>

<p>In this area, Druids have lived since ancient times. They are among us Hyanorls who deny civilization and live in nature. When a town develops to a certain extent, the Druids disappear, and Hyanorls like us, who long for a rural life, settle in. There are many bridges built by their long-standing intuition nearby. As gravity weakens and air pressure decreases, the natural frequency of structures changes, and the arches become lighter and lose stability. They have to be rebuilt from scratch, little by little.</p>

<p>“It's a shame that the town that has been built over generations will change.”</p>

<p>While it is regrettable that the landscape of this land will be lost, the Druids will surely create a new settlement somewhere and rebuild their culture from scratch. The climate will change, and so will the culture. But that's just how it is. It will take a thousand or two thousand years for us to settle down and live here. For us who bear the shackles of immortality, such a distant future is not so far away.</p>

<p>Beriche slightly tweaks the tuning of her favorite guitar and rematerializes it - turning it back into a subtly different size guitar that is almost the same shape as before. She plucks the strings and complains,</p>

<p>“The scratches on the frets look a little stretched out. Even if the sound is the same, it's not the same.”</p>

<p>It turns out that Beriche is particular about music too.</p>

<p>“If it were just a matter of matching the sound, it would be done in an instant. But inspiration isn't such a simple thing.”</p>

<p>Yeah, I thought I was the only one who was particular about that aspect.</p>

<p>The surroundings have become quite dark.</p>

<p>“You can open your nictitating membrane now.”</p>

<p>“That's true.”</p>

<p>The planetary cycle of Earth was not much different from the original Darl star. It was only natural, considering that it was narrowed down from a large number of candidates, and the length of the day was only a few percent different. When the length of the day changes, more people complain of discomfort, so that becomes an indispensable condition.</p>

<p>Beriche finishes the tuning she had been focusing on and stretches a little, “I won't use the guitar for tomorrow's concert. Adjusting with the finished instruments or singing a cappella. A cappella would be nice too.”</p>

<p>As we talk, the solar eclipse reaches its peak. Under the darkness where the sun has disappeared, there is still some lingering light that failed to escape.</p>

<p>“It really aligned perfectly, didn't it?”</p>

<p>“Yeah. It might be a miraculous star.”</p>

<p>As the disappearing light begins to rise again, we return to the room, the darkness' lingering emotions still in our hearts. The heavy wooden door of the mansion, the old varnish color, and the polished wooden surface of the handle. The warmth of someone who lived here in the past remains there. The roundness of the stair railing, the creaking of the steps, the sooty ceiling beams, the worn-out pile of the carpet from people's footsteps, and the faded color.</p>

<p>We drink tea in the living room, talk with Beriche, and then head to the city for a combined inspection of the outdoor concert hall.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>In the city streets, the Reiners Town Street is decorated to celebrate the continental shift, and Beriche points to people parading, dressed up like “Earthlings.”</p>

<p>“There's an Earthling Café too.”</p>

<p>The Earthlings they're dressed as resemble the uncivilized people called Bugbears living deep in this continent. Reddish-brown hair, eerie expressions, slightly hunchbacked, and thin body hair that is neither feathers nor scales.</p>

<p>If there were people living on Earth, they might look like Bugbears. It's not unreasonable to think so. For the past 300 years or so, Earth has been thoroughly investigated, and it has been concluded that there is no civilization worth interacting with. The truth is only known to the upper layers. But soon the permission to land on the surface will be granted. The answer will come then.</p>

<p>The Earthlings wearing masks scare passing people or act playfully. They are barked at by an elderly couple's doggie. They hand out silver coins that can be used at tomorrow's market. These are modeled after the Cordial coins used by the Druids, and with these, one can “shop” at the market tomorrow.</p>

<p>Receiving silver coins for both of us from the terrifying “Earthlings,” Beriche asks while we watch their backs,“Do you think Earthlings are vertebrates?” Considering how serious an answer I should give, I reply, “Considering the stellar illumination and atmosphere, it's almost 100% likely.”</p>

<p>“Wait, does stellar illumination matter?”</p>

<p>“Yes, it does. The dominant species on the planets we've moved to were all vertebrates, right?”</p>

<p>“Oh, that's true. Like the Bugbears. So, there might be similar creatures on Earth.”</p>

<p>Well, I don't know if they're exactly like Bugbears.</p>

<p>“To develop a large brain, we need to acquire eyes that process information. Therefore, it's difficult for vertebrates to develop and become mainstream on darker planets. Civilizations tend to have a two-axis nervous system.”</p>

<p>“Like crustaceans or insects?”</p>

<p>“Yes, those are the mainstream ones. Especially when it comes to fourth-level civilizations.”</p>

<p>Vertebrates tend to have biased thoughts in their large brains and struggle with discrete thinking, making it difficult for them to acquire civilizations beyond third-level. Our home planet had high levels of radiation, so many vertebrates there had distributed nerve nodes. When exposed to radiation, the entire body must process it, but the thinking speed of the large brain is too slow.</p>

<p>“A peaceful star like this won't give birth to a civilization.”</p>

<p>If there is a civilization on this planet, it would be a second-level. It would be very peaceful and nostalgic for us, like an original landscape.</p>

<p>“That's true. Civilizations are usually more brutal.”</p>

<p>Yes, we are the ones who emerge in such brutal environments, and if we could live without a civilization, it would be better not to have one. Ultimately, we want to be the wind and light.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>We walked a bit along the street, and there was an outdoor stage on a high ground plaza.</p>

<p>In the small venue with just about 100 seats, my mother “Tzidi Karel” was featured on posters with the slogan “World-renowned artist coming.” Our town-sponsored event, “Hello Earth Festival &amp; Market,” was the main attraction. There were also small cutout pictures of Tzidis senior disciples and “Beriche Lisa Mayle.” Beriche and I laughed, pointing at the pictures, and headed towards the stage that would be the venue tomorrow.</p>

<p>Beriche tested the acoustics by singing a cappella in front of the semi-circular reflecting board and then urged me to join her on stage, saying, “I want to hear how it sounds from the audience.”</p>

<p>But I was hesitant.</p>

<p>“You can do it. You're Tzidi's daughter, right?”</p>

<p>Well, even so.</p>

<p>Beriche ran to the audience seats, turned back, and shouted, “Sing anything you like!”</p>

<p>I had no choice but to try. “Can you hear me?” I asked.</p>

<p>“Yes, perfectly!”</p>

<p>Relieved, She continued with, “Can I hit this note?” and aimed a crystal-clear note towards me.</p>

<p>I can't help it.</p>

<p>When I hesitantly responded with a slightly nervous voice, Beriche gave me a thumbs up.</p>

<p>We changed locations and adjusted the pitch a bit, and before I knew it, I found myself performing one of my mother's songs with my modest voice. By the end of the song, Beriche was silently listening with a gentle smile and applause.</p>

<p>“I'll show you the video later,” she said.</p>

<p>Wait, she recorded it?</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next day, I listened to the same song in the same place, accompanied by Beriche's chorus and my mother's singing. My grandparents, who lived nearby, also came to see the performance and quietly applauded.</p>

<p>The audience was so packed that there were people standing, and the singing likely reached the main street of Reiners Town. After performing several songs, we greeted the departing audience, and many of them handed us Cordial silver coins as celebratory gifts. I stood by my mother's side like an attendant, accepting the coins and asked her,</p>

<p>“What should we do with these?”</p>

<p>She replied, “Spend them as you like at the market.”</p>

<p>So, with Beriche, we headed into town, checking with Abel and Nick first.</p>

<p>We bought cotton candy and some insignificant toy flutes. “We have so much we can't spend it all!” Beriche's eyes sparkled, and she suggested, “Should we buy a doggie?” I agreed, but we couldn't find any doggies for sale. We looked at chicks and turtles while passing by people with their doggies on the street. Then, we saw a horse-drawn carriage.</p>

<p>“This!” Beriche stopped, and a man by the carriage started speaking.</p>

<p>“This is a carriage actually used by a lord during the Druid era, and it was still in use just 30 years ago. It's been repaired a bit, so some parts are made of Hyanorl material, but the rest is all genuine, not replicas.”</p>

<p>The carriage had four wheels and a spacious cabin with four facing seats. It was well-built, with a quadruple layer of leaf springs for cushioning.</p>

<p>“Can we buy this with Cordial silver coins?”</p>

<p>“Yes, it's 4,000.”</p>

<p>We don't have to buy a carriage; we can just get the model data and materialize it. Normally, nobody would buy one. Even if he say it's genuine, not a replica, that doesn't mean much since I can replicate something identical. However, this man was probably just enjoying interacting with the customers at the festival, even if he didn't sell the carriage. The same went for the cotton candy and thrift store vendors.</p>

<p>“How many coins do you have?”</p>

<p>“About 700.”</p>

<p>“Wow! How did you get them?”</p>

<p>When I explained that they were celebratory gifts from my mother, Tzidi Karel's concert, the man was astonished and asked, “So if I sell you this carriage, she'll ride in it too?” I answered hesitantly, “Yes, but please don't give us a discount for that reason.” But he insisted, “No, I'd be happy to let you have it for free under those circumstances.”</p>

<p>“We can't just take it for free.”</p>

<p>While we were going back and forth, Beriche interrupted,</p>

<p>“Then, will you buy one of my songs?”</p>

<p>The seller looked puzzled, but when we explained that she was Beriche Lisa Mayle, one of the apprentices on the poster, he leaned in with interest.</p>

<p>Beriche took a breath and started singing softly.</p>

<p>As her stunning three-part harmony using her throat and left and right secondary lungs began to resonate, passersby stopped to listen. Changing the tune from Chroma No. 4 to No. 5, and then to No. 8, she concluded with the sub-voice vibrato my mother was known for. The gathered crowd erupted in cheers and applause.</p>

<p>We bought the carriage for 700 silver coins, and the man kindly led the horse and carriage to our estate.</p>

<p>“When I was young, I used to perform on stage too,” he said while demonstrating his own singing voice.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>While maintaining the stable and reshoeing the horses, I learned quite a bit about this town. Everything takes time here, and because of that, we didn't set out for the outer edge of the continent until much later.</p>

<p>On that day, we were excited about our first long journey, and both of us rode the coachman's seat together. We talked about the silly possibility of meeting Earthlings while holding the reins together.</p>

<p>“According to the data I got from my lab, Earthlings will go extinct in about 400 years.”</p>

<p>Upon hearing this, Beriche looked a little sad.</p>

<p>“Really? Can you tell that?”</p>

<p>“Yeah, the genetic damage is severe, and after a few more generations, the recessive genes will become apparent. After that, there will be no dominant species on Earth.”</p>

<p>“That's a bit sad.”</p>

<p>There was a road that ran across the continent from the lakeside mansion to the edge of the continent. Although it extended all the way to the outer edge, people had rarely used it for years. Sometimes, the overgrown leaves hit the roof, and sometimes, the carriage rode over fallen branches.</p>

<p>“I'll go check a little further,” I said, untying the horse and putting on the saddle.</p>

<p>“Can you ride?”</p>

<p>Beriche worried, but I assured her, “I had considered various things when I proposed living in the countryside.”</p>

<p>Feeling a little proud, I flipped my skirt and straddled the horse's back. From the small path a little further along the highway, I descended to the old road. As the new road ran through the forest, the trees would encroach on it if left alone. Once past this small path, the old road lay ahead. I had heard that it would turn into a river with just a little rain, but the weather today should be fine.</p>

<p>There were a few farms nearby, growing crops in the fields. If we went closer, we could hear the sounds and smell of pigs. As I looked up, wondering if we could see the sea yet, I saw an orange kite soaring high in the vast blue sky. I didn't immediately understand what it was. It seemed to circle in the distant sky, gradually gaining altitude. Then I realized that someone was controlling the kite.</p>

<p>It could be a military aircraft from the restricted area near the outer edge. But no, it was different. It was a vehicle from Earth. I clenched the reins involuntarily, but the road was swampy if we went off course. I hurried back to the carriage where Beriche was waiting.</p>

<p>“I found Earthlings!”</p>

<p>Beriche burst into laughter.</p>

<p>“The old road can be accessed from the small path ahead. Let's go see!”</p>

<p>When I suggested this, Beriche agreed.</p>

<p>“There are four drones flying within audible range. If we access them, we can see the footage.”</p>

<p>But that would spoil our excitement.</p>

<p>I quickly hitched the horse to the carriage and climbed onto the coachman's seat. Dodging the debris in front of us, we went along the new road and entered the small path leading to the old road. The path was narrow and the grass was high, but we raced through it to the old road, finding the shining orange wing beyond the hill and above the blue sky. The old road meandered along the flow of the stream.</p>

<p>“It seems to be beyond the hills.”</p>

<p>“It's impossible with the carriage. Let's go again on horseback.”</p>

<p>Leaving Beriche behind, I unhitched the horse from the carriage and, without putting on a saddle, galloped up the hill. There, I saw a slightly rippling orange cloth on a distant hill.</p>

<p>That's it!</p>

<p>I immediately noticed the pack of black-backed wolves nearby.</p>

<p>“I have no choice.”</p>

<p>I tapped the back of my left hand, opened the light panel, materialized an electromagnetic wave gun, and attached it to the back of my right hand. I sent an escort command to a stray drone. This wouldn't eliminate the danger entirely, but it should help. As Beriche had said, there were indeed four drones patrolling nearby. She had distinguished them just by listening. Impressive.</p>

<p>Along the way, as we crossed a small river stream and approached the hill, we saw a kite held down by stones on the ground. Upon closer inspection, it had a two-tone color scheme: a gradient from red to golden-yellow and white. Although I couldn't find anything resembling a propulsion device, it wouldn't be impossible for it to have risen this high using updrafts. Even if they were using a kite, if they could ride convective currents over the sea, Earthlings must be similar to us, the “bird people.” I found something resembling a harness nearby. I picked it up, converted it into a quantum code, and sent it to Beriche in the carriage.</p>

<p>“You said you wouldn't use technology, but this must be something special,” Beriche commented through the light panel on the back of my hand.</p>

<p>“Yeah, I guess I did it unconsciously, at least half the time,” I replied.</p>

<p>However, the crucial rider was nowhere to be found. They might have fled into the forest chased by the black-backed wolves.</p>

<p>“I'll look for them here too. Can I use two of the drones?” Beriche asked me.</p>

<p>“Sure, I'll release them right away.”</p>

<p>While we could view the drone footage in real-time, the logs were stored in the defense system. If only we could see those logs, tracing their path would be possible. For now, searching was the only option.</p>

<p>As I began to search, Beriche contacted me. “I found a doggie stuck in the marsh.”</p>

<p>“Why a doggie?” I asked.</p>

<p>“There are houses around here, maybe it's one of their doggie?”</p>

<p>“Ah, maybe. If I have time, I'll try to help.”</p>

<p>“Got it.”</p>

<p>I went from the old road to the new one, searching for any human traces but found none. Even after closely examining the new road along the forest and expanding the search area for the drones, nothing of interest was discovered. When I reported to Beriche, she said, “No luck here either. The doggie has sunk up to its chest now.”</p>

<p>Having no other choice, I unstealthed one of the drones to guide me, finding the doggie sinking into a bottomless marsh up to its neck. Just in the nick of time, I rescued the doggie, put it on my horse, and headed towards the carriage where Beriche was waiting.</p>

<p>“I looked around here too but couldn't find anything. I saw some farmers out and about; maybe they were involved in some way?” she suggested.</p>

<p>I see... Well, the outcome of making a big fuss might be something like that after all.</p>

<p>It would be about seven days later when we finally met the Earthling who appeared to be named Azure.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_3">Chapter 3: Frare Karel (2)</h3>

<p>Leaving Reiners Town Street and heading west on White Elm Street, passing through Longstone Manor, a small stone bridge across the Frogalgae River leads to the Karel mansion visible through the trees. Passing several tiled-roof houses, a stone-paved path extends to the lakeside. I drove the carriage through the mere formality gate and turned it towards the stable visible on the left.</p>

<p>The stable had been nicely repaired. Before moving in, when we visited the mansion, Beriche commented that it looked like a “bugbear stable.” At first, I thought she was mocking its crude and dirty appearance, but it was indeed a stable that once housed bugbears. I heard there used to be many bugbears in this town; I didn't realize they were kept in places like this.</p>

<p>I remember walking through the meadow that was once farmland and talking. “It's called Skipberry. This used to be a berry field,” Beriche said, showing me a wild berry she picked. The freshly picked skipberries had thorns.</p>

<p>“I wonder how many bugbears were kept in that stable.”</p>

<p>Five to ten, or possibly more. Bugbears were kept and used in that small stable. Now, two horses live in the stable, and on the mezzanine floor with a ladder, bags of fodder and straw are stacked. Behind the stable, a new garage for the carriage has been built, and Beriche named the horses we received, Salty and Sugary.</p>

<p>I often went out with Sugary when I was alone. I felt the Earthling who ascended with the orange kite might still be wandering the forest, and I worried they might get stuck in a bottomless marsh like the doggie we saved, Wheaty, or be attacked and killed by a gray bear if they entered the forest. At the very least, I wanted to bury them.</p>

<p>I moved the carriage to the back of the mansion and unloaded the flowers my mother asked for in the sunroom. That afternoon, I watched Beriche practice horse riding. After several laps around the backyard, she looked comfortable, so I spread a cloth over the old weathered table and brewed tea.</p>

<p>“Do you like Sugary, Frare?” Beriche rode over to the table and dismounted using the bench. “Well, I first rode Sugary by chance.” Steam rose from Salty's sweaty back. “Starting tomorrow, Beriche can help me search for the Earthling.” “Yeah. But I wonder if Earthlings really came to this continent.” I don't know, but it's a fact that I saw a kite flying in the sky. “Well, if you say you saw it, Frare...”</p>

<p>As Beriche put her cup down, suddenly bird squeaks raced overhead, and the sound of scattered rain echoed in the treetops. Rain started falling faster than rainclouds appeared, and sunlight scurried away.</p>

<p>“It's raining.” Beriche looked up at the sky. I caught my breath at the sight of her beautiful neck appearing so suddenly before me.</p>

<p>The sky was filled with rain—the usual evening rain.</p>

<p>Salty and Sugary spread their feathers all over their bodies and shivered. I like rain, but it seemed they liked it even more. They let droplets flow between their feathers.</p>

<p>“Me too!” Beriche removed her shirt and ran across the grass.</p>

<p>Thunder, thunder, rain, rain, rain.</p>

<p>I took off my shirt as well, spread the feathers all over my body, and chased after Beriche.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next day, large raindrops pattered against the roof from the morning. The raindrops filtered through the sunlight, which created a thin, white mist, and wet the dry ground. When the clouds spread out across the blue sky while dancing, the wind carried a scent. The scent of fog running through the grass, a fragrance not present in the afternoon downpour.</p>

<p>“But it's a pity. It'll stop soon. Look.”</p>

<p>Pointing at the sky upwind, I stroked Sugary's back, and Beriche, who was tuning her instrument in the sunroom, also looked up at the sky and opened the window when she saw me.</p>

<p>“Are you going searching again today?”</p>

<p>Beriche's voice, cutting through the sound of the raindrops.</p>

<p>“Yeah. But today, I'm not going to the old highway. Just the new one.”</p>

<p>I answered loudly, but I'm sure she could distinguish any sound.</p>

<p>From the treetops, bird squeaks could be heard. Like us, they must be busy adjusting their plans that went awry. Beyond those voices, the rain clouds have already raced away, and the scattered light is now marching in unison.</p>

<p>I truly want to break away from the continent and meet the people of Earth. If there wasn't such a difference in altitude, if it wasn't such a vast ocean, if Sugary had wings, or perhaps, if I had wings.</p>

<p>When we colonized Darl star, was I like this 70,000 years ago? And before that...how many tens of thousands of years before that? Did I go to meet the creatures of those stars with each continental shift? Even further back, a long, long time ago, before Hyanorl had eternal life, did I once hold all the memories of a lifetime in my heart? Or had I already been sinking into the loneliness of memories lost day by day? The only thing I can think of as “me” is my memory. Yet, I can't remember what I did 100,000 years ago, 200,000 years ago, or even who I lived with.</p>

<p>That day, on the wet forest's new highway after the rain, I found “him,” who had collapsed.</p>

<p>Covered in mud and torn clothes, he seemed to have been wandering the forest for a long time. There were large wounds, most likely from a gray bear. The dark red blood clotted, and numerous lacerations covered his limbs.</p>

<p>——It might be an Earthling.</p>

<p>For just a moment, my heart raced, but after that, only bewilderment flooded in. A body without feathers. Thin body hair. His limbs had exposed skin. He resembled a Bugbear. There wasn't even a shred of certainty that he was an Earthling.</p>

<p>Nevertheless, I stopped the bleeding, put him on the horse's back, and connected the warp hole to the front of the mansion. When I emerged in front of the mansion, my mother was in the garden. Waving my hand and pointing to the horse's back, she stretched her back to peek in, then ran up to us, shouting.</p>

<p>“What on earth happened to you?”</p>

<p>“I found him collapsed in the forest. He was attacked by a gray bear - more importantly, we need to treat him quickly!”</p>

<p>I covered my ears in the hustle and bustle so I wouldn't hear the word “Bugbear” from my mother's mouth. She immediately called for someone, carried the young man into the mansion, and I followed.</p>

<p>He was laid on the living room couch, and Adel and Nick tended to his wounds. I was worried he might struggle, but he had lost a lot of blood and was unconscious. Wheaty, the doggie, watched my frantic movements anxiously.</p>

<p>“Beriche, please take care of the doggie.”</p>

<p>In the busy living room, Beriche attached a red leash to Wheaty's collar.</p>

<p>The young man's appearance strikingly resembled the “Earthling” from the festival. It's true that Earth is similar to Darl star where we've been living, but it's hard to accept that Earthlings and Bugbears have the same appearance. Besides, if he were indeed an Earthling, contacting the military would be necessary, but that was also confusing.</p>

<p>When the young man's condition had calmed down a bit, my mother asked, “This outfit... he doesn't seem to be from this country, is he okay?”</p>

<p>“Yeah, he might not be, but if I hadn't helped him, he would've been eaten by animals.”</p>

<p>After saying that, my mother sighed and made a wry face, saying, “Maybe you picked him up just like you did with the doggie the other day.”</p>

<p>Yeah, I know.</p>

<p>As the confusion settled, my mother let down her hair and said with a sigh, “I might have made too much fuss about it.” But your proud staff is very efficient. When the floor stained with blood had been cleaned up, the front door opened, and Wheaty, who had been taken out for a walk, rushed in.</p>

<p>“It's okay now, the commotion is over.”</p>

<p>As I hugged Wheaty, Beriche appeared behind him.</p>

<p>“We went for a walk a bit further away, but it seems he can't be without you.”</p>

<p>Yeah, same for me.</p>

<p>As I rubbed my forehead against Wheaty's, he let out a damp breath. Beriche sighed, crossed her arms, and said, “doggies are fine, doggies are,” but as I played with Wheaty's face with both hands, ignoring her words, she continued, “But you shouldn't pick up a Bugbear.”</p>

<p>A best friend can be cruel. She casually uttered what my mother had deliberately not said.</p>

<p>“He's not a Bugbear. He's probably an Earthling.”</p>

<p>Of course, I'm not serious, but I thought Beriche might go along with it. While I sniffed Wheaty's neck, Beriche said, “That's even worse. It's better to return him to where he was living.” And Beriche sat next to Wheaty.</p>

<p>Yeah, I understand. But let's welcome him first. That's how it is in old stories, right? Even if the visitor to the lakeside house was a fairy child or a little demon child, they would invite them as guests, share meals together, play music, and sing together. I've always longed for that kind of life.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Before long, the sound of a carriage could be heard. The front doorbell rang, and my father removed his hat at the entrance. As I waited for him to hang his coat and explained the situation, he showed a wry face and said, “This is quite different from picking up a doggie.” That made him the third person.</p>

<p>My mother and Beriche said the same thing, but the way their words resonated with me was slightly different. My mother was my mother, my best friend was my best friend, and my father was my father. I took in the meaning of their words and held them in my heart as separate entities.</p>

<p>My father was a former military man. He now works for an external organization, acting as an advisor to the military. That might be why. I was confused as to whether the sender of my father's words was my father or the military, and couldn't settle on where to put them.</p>

<p>“He might be from the plains or the western mountain regions,” he replied curtly.</p>

<p>As he filled a glass at the bar counter, he waited for me to continue, or perhaps the other way around, he waited for me to continue while filling the glass.</p>

<p>“What would happen to him if he were an Earthling?” I asked.</p>

<p>For a brief moment, as he corked the bottle, my father put his response on hold, took a single sip of the drink while standing, and said, “If it's confirmed that the individual is an Earthling, he would probably be sent back to Earth.”</p>

<p>As he sat down on the sofa, he looked at me with only his gaze.</p>

<p>——If confirmed. Even if I asked again softly, there was no reply.</p>

<p>There are many creatures on this continent that nobody knows who brought them from which star, and it's surprisingly difficult to confirm. As I struggled to think, my father responded belatedly.</p>

<p>“To confirm, you would need to compare with other Earthling samples or data, and at this stage, you cannot make a decision unless you go to the top of the country. In particular, in the case of living bodies, you cannot just carelessly send them back.”</p>

<p>My father continued, saying that sending a living body with an unconfirmed identity might even be considered an invasion, but I couldn't agree with that, given that they say there's no such thing as civilization on Earth.</p>

<p>“Do you plan on keeping that Bugbear?”</p>

<p>“I think we'll live together for a while.”</p>

<p>I emphasized that it's not keeping, but living together.</p>

<p>“In that case, it's better to put an identification chip in him. If you put it near the third ganglion, you can stop it remotely. Of course, it's for emergency use only. If you don't need to use it, you don't have to.” He said and I sighed. My gaze fell to my knees.</p>

<p>Wanting to live like a Druid doesn't mean I want to imitate their immature side as well. There is a straight line drawn from their lives hundreds of thousands of years ago to us today, and if we don't redraw that line, we won't have a future.</p>

<p>“What do you think will happen to Earthlings?”</p>

<p>It's not that I was seeking an answer; the words just slipped out.</p>

<p>“Their culture will be protected, but Earthlings themselves will be treated like other animals. Once a portion of them is preserved for research purposes, they will be eaten if they taste good, turned into livestock if they lay eggs or produce milk, and used as pets if they have a pleasant voice or appearance. The rules are probably being decided by the upper levels right now.”</p>

<p>So it would be like that after all. It was the same with the Bugbear. But making rules at this point, when the continental movement has already ended?</p>

<p>“What if the Earthlings looked like us?”</p>

<p>“They'd be used as labor or kept as pets, like the Bugbear.”</p>

<p>Bugbear as a pet...?</p>

<p>“So they can't be good neighbors?”</p>

<p>“Whether they're good neighbors or mindless beasts depends on their values.”</p>

<p>My father hesitated a bit before continuing.</p>

<p>“Nine days ago, I heard that several aircraft approached from the Earth's surface. It is believed that they were all shot down, but intercepted communications revealed that Earth's military claimed a 'Decoy had landed.'”</p>

<p>Decoy, nine days ago?</p>

<p>“If that's not a bluff, the Earth's military will carry out a large-scale operation soon. Whatever they do, it won't have much impact, but be careful, as there might be decoys coming from the surface.”</p>

<p>Wait a minute. Decoy...?</p>

<p>As I stood bewildered, my father selected a bottle from the bar counter and disappeared into his room.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>In the room next to my father's, the newcomer was assigned the smallest room without a balcony among the four vacant rooms on the second floor. It was a room used for storage, but it was much better than the Bugbear's hut.</p>

<p>When I consulted with Beriche about what to call the newcomer, she said, “You can call him Azure.”</p>

<p>“Because he has a blue bruise on the back of his neck. Just like how Wheaty is named after his Wheaty-colored skin.”</p>

<p>After all, he was treated the same as a doggie. I was somewhat resistant to the straightforward, Druid-like naming. But“It's the color of Earth's sky, Azure.”as I said Beriche laughed with a slightly exasperated expression, and I was able to convince myself with that.</p>

<p>I think Beriche probably dislikes Bugbears. Not just Beriche, but surely my whole family. Or more broadly, everyone in Hyanorl. We have lived without contact with Bugbears for hundreds of years. When we first moved to the Druid's town, everyone opposed it because of the Bugbears. The Druids' traditional lifestyle cannot be sustained without Bugbear labor, but nobody wants to face that.</p>

<p>Bugbears resemble us, but they were born on a different planet. Both anatomically and taxonomically. When we moved our continent to Darl, they didn't look as much like us as they do now. As we kept them as pets, our RNA gradually invaded them, bringing them closer to their current form. We are that kind of species. Our wandering from planet to planet is also due to that nature, as a certain paper pointed out.</p>

<p>Our time on before Darl was more than a hundred thousand years ago, and I don't remember it. But I think it was the same there. There were indigenous people, and we moved in, devastated the planet where the uncivilized people lived, and enjoyed life there.</p>

<p>When we left our birth planet and spread our wings to the cosmic civilization, what kind of resolve did we make? We wander the universe forever, increasing the number of habitable planets and destroying the species and cultures that live there. Perhaps we initially thought we were “protecting” them.</p>

<p>I've asked Beriche before. What do you think the value of life is? Do you think there's a difference in value between our lives and the lives of doggies, cows, and pigs? Beriche's answer was, “Generally worthless.”</p>

<p>If that's the case, this Bugbear's life has no value either. Similarly, neither does mine. “That's how we've coexisted.” I think Beriche would say that. So we'll coexist with the Earthlings in the same way. By implanting control chips in every individual to prevent them from becoming violent, and by neutering them.</p>

<p>“Yes, that's how we can coexist properly.”</p>

<p>By completely controlling their lives on our terms?</p>

<p>“Of course. That's our responsibility. After all, we have already invaded them.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>That night, I entered Azure's room. There was the distinctive smell of Bugbears in the room. I placed an armchair and, while watching Azure's sleeping face, I hesitated whether to insert the control chip into his shoulder. If I insert the chip, I can take his life safely at any time. My family would also feel more at ease around him. All the Bugbears kept in the Littlewoods area are treated that way. Unable to make up my mind, I fell asleep and woke up to the sound of birds in the morning.</p>

<p>The light coming in through the small window near the ceiling cast a glow on the slowly swirling dust. I had a blanket draped over me, and Azure was curiously looking at the trinkets on the shelf. As he got up, he looked at me with a slightly frightened expression.</p>

<p>Although I knew he wouldn't understand, I tried saying, “Good morning.” I couldn't tell if he understood the words properly. Even so, he said something back, and I'm sure that sound meant “good morning” to him.</p>

<p>When I opened the door and gestured outside, he followed behind me. It hasn't even been a full day since I met him. For now, this is enough.</p>

<p>As I slowly walked down the corridor, waiting for him to take in the tapestries, ceiling patterns, and the legs of the chest, Wheaty ran ahead, then came back, pulling my hand and running ahead again. The strange smell drifting up from downstairs was probably the scent of Azure's meal.</p>

<p>The meal preparations were underway. Azure's meal was placed on the floor next to Wheaty's food. It was a salty, strong feed made from boiling bone marrow, mixing in bean husks, and solidifying it with fat. The bottled version is sold at stores on Reiners Town Street, and once the bottles are empty, they are collected, refilled, and put back on the shelves. This crude food, simply served in a bowl, could hardly be called a meal. But for the Bugbears, it was a treat. They sweat more than we do and have allergies to beryllium compounds. I didn't want to treat Azure like a pet, but I couldn't feed him the same food as us either. But this strange smell made me hesitate to place it on the same table as ours.</p>

<p>As I hesitated, Beriche called out, “Why not eat outside?”</p>

<p>“Yeah, that's a good idea.” I replied while pinching my nose.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Once we went outside, the sunlight was still gentle, and the wind was trying to spin clouds from the vapor released by the earth.</p>

<p>Behind the stable, we arranged mine and Beriche's meals on an old table, placed Wheaty's bowl on a chair, and without any hesitation, Beriche put Azure's bowl next to it. A little cautious, Azure stretched out his hand to his “food” after seeing Wheaty stuffing his face with his. With every bite, I could hear his breathing and he exhaled the stench. Watching his ravenous manner, Beriche couldn't help but chuckle quietly.</p>

<p>Narrowing her eyes and placing a hand near her mouth, she tilted her head and asked, “Are you going to let him use that room all the time?” I frowned and replied that had been the plan until yesterday.</p>

<p>Even if he were an Earthling, I don't feel like we could communicate like this. I already taught Wheaty “handshake” and “sit,” but I don't know how to interact with him.</p>

<p>“I hate seeing him eat this kind of meal. Can't we prepare something different?”</p>

<p>“If you're okay with a Hyanorl shop, I think there are various options. There are odorless ones, and ones that resemble our meals. But in a Druid town, this is all we can get.”</p>

<p>Even though I named him after this planet's color, he is just like a Bugbear. No, he is definitely a Bugbear.</p>

<p>“Also, I know you'll object, but it would be better to insert the chip and to neuter him.”</p>

<p>“We don't have to neuter him since we're not going to mate him.”</p>

<p>“But his temper will get rougher. If he gets hurt from going berserk, it would be better for him to be neutered.”</p>

<p>“Is that so?”</p>

<p>Azure sweated profusely. On sunny days, they say the sweat drips. Compared to us, he has ten times more sweat glands, which take away large amounts of minerals, so he needs to consume enough minerals to make up for it. I've heard that even if we feed him meat or fish, he won't eat unless it's seasoned well with salt.</p>

<p>“But that's a Bugbear characteristic, right? What if he were an Earthling?”</p>

<p>“I don't know. But he seems to enjoy eating the Bugbear food, doesn't he?”</p>

<p>Beriche said, but to me, it didn't seem like he enjoyed it. He was just devouring the food to satisfy his hunger and heal his injured body. It wasn't a meal. It was just a mass of flesh, seeking nutrients and repeating reflexive actions. Wheaty, unable to watch him anymore, hid in my shadow.</p>

<p>After the meal, I showed him a kite in my room. When I spread it out on the bed, he slowly felt its texture and seemed to make a sound, but Wheaty immediately intervened.</p>

<p>“Wheaty, don't disturb! Sit!”</p>

<p>I made him sit by pushing his head down and put the kite away.</p>

<p>“Wheaty is just jealous.”</p>

<p>Beriche laughed mischievously again.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>It was when the sun had tilted to the west enough to recognize it as the afternoon that Beriche, Azure, and I set out towards the edge of the continent. The purpose was to show Azure the world outside the continent, but if we were lucky, we could see the sunset over the ocean, so we hurriedly prepared a carriage.</p>

<p>As soon as Beriche took the reins and started to run, a foul smell filled the carriage. The ancient, Druidic carriages had no air purifiers, and even with the windows open, the stench of Bugbear hit our noses. Wheaty, who was sitting next to me, gasped for air and stuck his head out the window. I thought we'd get used to it after a while, but before that could happen, we became carsick. We stopped by the roadside to breathe in the fresh air.</p>

<p>“Should I materialize an air conditioner?”</p>

<p>No, but...</p>

<p>Without paying attention to my hesitation, Beriche materialized a disinfectant and disinfected the carriage's interior. After that, she attended to Azure. She stunned him with a stun gun on the back of his neck and sprayed disinfectant on him when he couldn't move. It hadn't been long since we treated his wounds. We should have washed away the bacteria on his body then, but it only took two days.</p>

<p>“We should have done this in the beginning.”</p>

<p>I couldn't respond well because I was feeling nauseous.</p>

<p>When the stun gun's restraint was released, sweat beaded on his forehead. The thought of this sweat soaking into the carriage seat was revolting.</p>

<p>“Living with a Bugbear is like this.”</p>

<p>“Do they not mind their own smell?”</p>

<p>“Their sense of smell is one five-hundredth of ours. Besides, they don't really notice their own odor.”</p>

<p>Beriche said she could even shove Azure into the trunk, but I couldn't make that decision. Bugbears were bought and sold in much smaller bamboo baskets. Considering that, a trunk might still be better. The Bugbear snorted with rough breaths, keeping his distance and displaying his fear of Beriche.</p>

<p>“What should we do?”</p>

<p>When Beriche asked me, I decided to give up on the sunset and go home.</p>

<p>We put a rope around Azure's neck, tied it to one end of the carriage, and slowly started moving. The sun behind us gradually changed its color. Azure jogged along, following the carriage. About halfway home, the horses stopped. Wondering what was wrong, I saw that Azure had fallen and was being dragged along. The horses were more considerate than we were. I was annoyed by my own numbed senses but didn't want to do anything more.</p>

<p>As the sun set, we passed by a western manor and saw smoke from a controlled burn. There were four columns of smoke. We couldn't see it from here, but there were probably four bodies beneath the smoke.</p>

<p>“I think they're Bugbears.” Beriche murmured while looking at the smoke.</p>

<p>Perhaps they were attacked by grey bears in the woods, just like Azure, and lost their lives.</p>

<p>“They have to burn the bodies to prevent the spread of disease.”</p>

<p>“But it's strange that there are so many stray Bugbears, isn't it?”</p>

<p>“Stray Bugbears don't really exist nowadays.”</p>

<p>“Then, it's Earthlings.”</p>

<p>“Yeah, Earthlings must have come in groups, been attacked by grey bears, and died.”</p>

<p>A man monitoring the controlled burn signaled to us.</p>

<p>——If you're tired, you can rest. How about some tea?</p>

<p>Indeed, we were tired. So tired that we hesitated even to respond with a “yes” or “no”.</p>

<p>“Azure must be exhausted too. What do you think?” Beriche, who was on the coachman's seat, asked me, but my consciousness was still fuzzy. “No, it's fine. I don't want to show him the bodies of his comrades.”</p>

<p>Sunsets have that effect, making everything romantic and ennui-filled.</p>

<p>Tied to our carriage, Azure jogged along, seemingly concerned about the controlled burn. The fire, fueled by damp dead leaves, weaved the scent of burnt Bugbear flesh into the wind. Looking at the sunset sky, I thought that the winds of this continent have always been colored this way.</p>

<p>“What will they do with the remains after burning them?”</p>

<p>Choking on the smoke, Beriche frowned and asked.</p>

<p>“If they were Druids, they'd be burned to the bone and buried, but Bugbears are probably fed to animals after being burned to a certain extent.”</p>

<p>“I see. It's sad, isn't it, for the Bugbears?”</p>

<p>But I think that disappearing without a trace is a happier fate. All Druid graves have been desecrated, and their bodies are now in urban research labs. For immortal Hyanorls, their death is the perfect research material.</p>

<p>By the time we arrived back at Frogalgae Manor, the sun had set. Streetlights were lit one by one, and the distant firelight under the eaves of houses illuminated the thin mist in orange. When hanging a lantern on the carriage, I saw Azure jogging behind us. Sweat was dripping from his entire body. I had heard rumors, but it was the first time I actually saw the sweat streaming down like water droplets. His footing was unsteady. He leaned on the carriage's tail, was dragged a bit, and collapsed. Salty and Sugary, concerned, stopped, and the light of stars gently fell upon the halted carriage.</p>

<p>Before taking Azure back to his room, I fed him behind the stable. But exhausted, Azure didn't react to the food at all.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>That night, I was awakened by a loud noise.</p>

<p>It came from Azure's room.</p>

<p>I immediately induced sleep remotely through brainwave manipulation and entered the room to find that he seemed to have tried to break down the door in a fit of rage. All the doors in this mansion are securely locked. They appear to be simple locks, but Azure couldn't have known that and must have believed that hitting them with a poker would break them.</p>

<p>I restrained his hands and feet and released the brainwave manipulation, but as soon as Azure woke up, he fell back into a deep sleep as if he had lost consciousness. I think he's exhausted and confused. In the time of the Druids, they would whip them into submission and make them “family” in just about a week. After that training period, we could live a normal life. But nowadays, such methods are hesitated.</p>

<p>“What are we going to do from now on?”</p>

<p>We've taken on more baggage than we expected.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_4">Chapter 4: Frare Karel (3)</h3>

<p>My grandparents' house was located in the woods. It was a small, moss-covered house resembling a tree stump where the elderly couple, Grandma Verda, Grandpa Madeley, and the young doggie Judy lived together.</p>

<p>The woods were at the western edge of the continent, and on the wall of the room hung a picture of the sun setting into the sea. It was a photograph from when there was still a coastline in front of them on Darl star. A fighter jet disguised as a giant Borgal sea turtle. Grandpa, in his pilot suit, stood in front of the colorful mushrooms that grew on its moss-covered shell, with tall waves and a bright red sunset behind him.</p>

<p>The family began when I, along with three friends, decided to become “siblings.” About three hundred years ago, Thurston, Lee, Althea, and I first became siblings. Our parents joined, and then our grandparents reached out to us. Due to the distance from the urban areas, we rarely met with our grandparents, but the fact that we hadn't seen each other for so long had always smoldered in my heart. I had never called them “Grandpa” or “Grandma” and had only their honorific names.</p>

<p>“Thurston used to live here,” Verda told me when I visited their house, as she placed cookies on a plate.</p>

<p>In the first fifty years or so of our family, we siblings all lived together, but eventually, we each started our own families and moved out. By that time, my mother had three apprentices, and our house had become lively. However, it was lonely to see our family leaving the nest.</p>

<p>But that was all in the past. I hadn't thought of my brother or sister in a while. Remembering their faces after a long time, I said my thanks and picked up a cookie. The cookie, made with crushed nuts from the woods, was warm and fragrant.</p>

<p>“Though I think the vegetation won't change for a while, we might not encounter this taste again next year,” my grandmother said.</p>

<p>According to her, the trees in the woods were already beginning to weaken. Afterward, the plants that could adapt to Earth would remain, be invaded by Earth's vegetation, change, and new nature would be born. Then, different cookies with different flavors would be baked. While eating the cookies that Thurston loved, I listened to the old stories I had never heard before.</p>

<p>Thurston was a soldier, and after living with us, he joined the space force and was stationed at a base in orbit, never returning to Darl star. He had lived here for about three years before he went to space, likely inspired by our grandparents, who were also soldiers.</p>

<p>“How are Lee and Althea doing?”</p>

<p>“Lee is on a journey to explore the stars and hasn't come back. Althea has started a new family and is now a mother there.”</p>

<p>Hearing this, my grandmother smiled and said, “Everyone is walking their own path.” But to me, it also sounded like she was asking, “What will you do?” For these three hundred years, I intended to be a designer, but I couldn't let go of my past as a linguist and often spent time in the university's research lab.</p>

<p>“I don't remember because it was three hundred years ago, but I feel more at ease there.”</p>

<p>“That's how it is for everyone. Even when starting a new life, they can't immediately move on to the next one. Some people repeat the same life for thousands, even tens of thousands of years.”</p>

<p>“It's strange to be bound by a past they don't even remember.”</p>

<p>While talking with my grandmother, I thought, perhaps my desperate search for Earthlings is also due to some past cause.</p>

<p>“What kind of person do you think I was?”</p>

<p>When I asked, my grandmother only showed a puzzled smile.</p>

<p>When the front door opened and a voice said, “I'm home,” the doggie reacted and ran out. My grandfather, who had been making charcoal in the detached building, had returned.</p>

<p>“Did you miss me? Judy”</p>

<p>When picked up, Judy immediately licked his neck. Lately, it's the same with my doggie Wheaty. doggies everywhere lick their owners' faces.</p>

<p>“Frare is here, dear. Hurry up and put your work things away.”</p>

<p>Urged by my grandmother, we finally exchanged greetings. His charcoal making is a hobby, but their main job is working for the military as a couple. They used to be soldiers, and now they work for an affiliated organization. My father is the same. Somehow, everyone around me is a soldier. I also have a military ID, although I don't know from which era it came.</p>

<p>“You didn't bring Wheaty today, huh?”</p>

<p>Peeling the doggie off my grandfather and holding it in her arms, my grandmother spoke.</p>

<p>“Yeah. It would be a hindrance to bring a doggie into the woods.”</p>

<p>The exterior of my grandparents' house is designed to resemble a giant tree stump. Inside, wooden furniture disguised with atomic fixation technology blends in as if it's part of the rich natural surroundings. Squirrels run around the room, and there are small bird nests. But they, too, are well-crafted disguises.</p>

<p>“Sometimes real squirrels wander in, attracted to the disguise.”</p>

<p>Cradling a white porcelain cup in her palm, my grandmother narrowed her eyes. During the day, the interior looks like a tree hollow, while at night, the disguise is released to project a star-filled sky overhead.</p>

<p>“When we were on Darl star, we could hear the sound of distant waves.”</p>

<p>Gazing at the starry sky, my grandfather also sipped his tea. Thurston: my brother often went surfing. He quietly told me, while stroking Judy's hair, that his surfboard was still in the barn.</p>

<p>This conversation happened when I was still searching for Earthlings who had landed. Not yet able to tell them my purpose, I simply asked for advice on keeping a doggie and went out with my grandmother to collect tree nuts. The deep forest was filled with dense air.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Various shops lined the Reiners Town Street. Terracotta-made reliefs that were either decorative or utilitarian, wooden-handled mysterious tools, and pottery containers with holes. Asking the storekeepers about each item would take more time than I had. At a certain gardening supply store, We found a restraint device for Bugbears, which led me and Beriche to decide to create a room for Azure in a corner of the horse stable.</p>

<p>Once we narrowed down the purpose and began researching, we discovered that the items were a Bugbear muzzle, a branding iron, and tooth extraction tools. As the image in our minds solidified, we began to understand how to use these unfamiliar tools. Little by little, we adapted to the life of a Druid.</p>

<p>On the store wall, there was a photo of a man leading a chained Bugbear. It seemed to be from a competition, with the Bugbear's name and its records noted. On a low table, a barbell that the Bugbear had lifted during the competition was displayed. Beriche and I looked at each other and tried to lift it but couldn't budge it.</p>

<p>“I wonder if Azure could lift it?”</p>

<p>“No way. I think he's pretty weak.”</p>

<p>Indeed, Azure, our weak Bugbear, lacked canine teeth for a male and appeared somewhat small. But I was still worried about putting such a low-rated Azure in the stable. He might recklessly attack the horses and get injured. That's because—</p>

<p>“I think he might be dumb.”</p>

<p>Talking to Beriche, we decided to separate him from the horses and build an iron bar enclosure. In essence, a cage. At this point, it wasn't much different from the Druid era. The line between what I could and couldn't do became increasingly blurred within me. Even so, I could believe it was still an act of kindness, considering if we released him, he would either be taken by someone else or attacked by a gray bear. If only we could communicate, that barrier would lower. But it might also become the catalyst for recognizing a decisive difference.</p>

<p>At the gardening store, we were introduced to a carpenter and went to the lower part of the river, looking at the map. A small stone arch spanned the irrigation channel, separated from the stone-built water gate. Passing through the tall fern forest, we found a small woodworking factory. Neatly lined up lumber leaned against the modest hut, and the area was covered in the scent of wood shavings. The carriage softly came to a stop on the packed wood chips.</p>

<p>A man measuring a fallen log suddenly stopped his work.</p>

<p>“Well, well. We have a visit from the lord.”</p>

<p>I explained the situation and requested the construction of a Bugbear hut. In this era, there were few houses that openly kept Bugbears. I felt a bit awkward, but the carpenter didn't ask anything beyond the scope of his work.</p>

<p>We brought the carpenter back to the mansion in Frogalgae Manor and guided him to the stable, where Azure, who had been chained since the morning, seemed to have struggled a bit. His leg was red and congested due to the shackle rubbing against it. The pillar to which the chain was attached was worn, and there were signs that he tried to dig a hole in the ground. To him, we were still enemies. When we tried to unchain him, he resisted, so Beriche subdued him with a stun gun. The stun gun stopped the movement of his muscles through brainwave induction, but his eyes continued to dart around, following me and Beriche. His mouth remained half-open, drooling foul-smelling saliva.</p>

<p>“Well, I'll get to work on the modifications.”</p>

<p>The carpenter got to work immediately, and in the meantime, Beriche and I had something to do.</p>

<p>At the back of the hut, there was a stone-paved washing area. We filled the pool, likely used for cleaning harvested skipberries, with water, rolled Azure's body on a cart into it, and held his head and feet to keep his face up so he wouldn't drown. We placed bricks under his head. Having already wet him, we struggled to undress him, and Beriche ripped off his clothes with a nearby farming tool.</p>

<p>“We'll have to go buy Bugbear clothes later.”</p>

<p>“More importantly, how will we get him dressed?”</p>

<p>“He'll dress himself, at least that much.”</p>

<p>I wonder. It would be great if he had that much intelligence.</p>

<p>We mixed the procured straw ash and horse urine to create a detergent, which emitted an unfamiliar odor. When we washed Azure with a long-handled brush, an unidentifiable residue, whether detergent scum or sebum, formed dull foam. After changing the water several times and finishing washing Azure, we carried him on the cart back to the stable just as the hut modifications were completed.</p>

<p>We don't know what kind of life Bugbears live.</p>

<p>“Which do you think would make Azure happier? Living in a room in the mansion or living here?”</p>

<p>Asking Beriche wouldn't yield an answer, and the response I received was blunt.</p>

<p>“I don't think Bugbears have a sense of happiness or unhappiness.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Is it a languid afternoon? A gentle drowsiness envelops the room, and I can't seem to let go of the book I was reading or the musical instrument I've idly picked up. I can't quite fall asleep, as if I'll ferment and turn into bread like this. Tossing and turning from the heaviness that has persisted since morning, Beriche sits up, holding Wheaty in both hands.</p>

<p>“Are you not going to let Wheaty meet Judy?”</p>

<p>Matching Beriche's gaze, Wheaty peers at my face.</p>

<p>“We can let them meet, but we should get Wheaty to trust us first.”</p>

<p>“Are you afraid Judy will take Wheaty away?”</p>

<p>“That's not really...”</p>

<p>As I try to cover it up, Beriche's gaze suddenly shifts.</p>

<p>“What's wrong?”</p>

<p>She puts her index finger to her lips and listens to the outside of the mansion.</p>

<p>“It's outside. Probably the sound of a car. A very old car sound. It goes 'pospos.'”</p>

<p>“A liquid fuel vehicle?”</p>

<p>“I don't know, but probably.”</p>

<p>When I look out the window, I see a car slowly driving around the perimeter of the lake. A rugged hood and rubber tires. The back is an open cargo bed. It certainly looks like a liquid fuel vehicle. Seven or eight people in camouflage are riding in the bed.</p>

<p>“Could it be about the malfunction of the defense system?”</p>

<p>Come to think of it, I've heard such a story. It was around the time I saw the orange kite.</p>

<p>“Could they investigate Azure as well?”</p>

<p>“Oh, right. What should we do?”</p>

<p>“If you want to run, I'll help!”</p>

<p>No, we won't run, but...</p>

<p>“Why a liquid fuel vehicle, though?”</p>

<p>“Isn't it because of the town's regulations? Aligning with the first-level post-period.”</p>

<p>“Liquid fuel vehicles are early second-level. The military people are so careless.”</p>

<p>As we go downstairs, my mother is dealing with the soldiers at the entrance. Beriche and I go from the sunroom to the outside. Wet green leaves cling to the damp paving stones. Rain-soaked greenery. Acorns with their caps still on, scattered about. As we head towards the stable, they notice us, so we nod in acknowledgement and run into the stable.</p>

<p>Beriche points the stun gun at Azure and pushes him into the trunk. While carefully tying the horse to the harness, making sure not to make any noise, a meaningless grin spills out. I chuckle each time the clattering sound rings out. I shouldn't be laughing. The more I think about it, the more laughter wells up, and I almost burst out laughing. After putting Beriche on the coachman's seat and opening the stable door, our eyes meet with the soldier. As I casually raise my hand in greeting, they raise their hand back in return. I spin on my heel, jump onto the carriage, and leave the Karel residence behind.<br/>
I lift my face from the water and laugh deeply as if taking a big breath.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>In the forest, a grassy path runs across the new highway. Named the Fairy Trail, it's a maintenance road built by Hyanorl. A small gate marks the entrance. In the mixed area of the forest, where camouflage is intermingled with the natural woods, one can easily lose their way without navigation. The horses are puzzled when the trees of the forest suddenly reveal their hidden paths, but they learn after three or four instances. Life resided in the humidity of the forest adorned with gimmicks.</p>

<p>As the Stump House approaches, tiny fairies dance around the noses of Salty and Sugary before disappearing into the depths of the forest. Nocturnal flowers spread their glowing circles leisurely. No matter how many times I see them, my heart flutters. All of these were guide signs my grandfather created in his free time. Wheaty has been fascinated by them for a while now.</p>

<p>The Hyanorl have always built houses using camouflage. I think it was different before the materialization technology became popular. Like the Druids, We used to build ordinary houses, bridges, and roads by assembling wood and stone, as recorded in their history.</p>

<p>Travelers from a certain star compared our dwellings in moss-covered ancient trees, mushroom houses, and hillside caves to fairies. The towns created by materialization would vanish once the trend passed. They returned to the forest, leaving nothing behind. As deep trees opened their branches to create paths one after another, the Stump House came into view.</p>

<p>Getting off the carriage and opening the slightly damp front door, the house doggie, Judy, peeks her face out. She happily ran towards me the last time I came, but today is different. Upon seeing Wheaty, she cautiously hides behind the sofa, keeping an eye on us. Meanwhile, Wheaty can't take his eyes off Judy.</p>

<p>“Judy is feeling shy. Let's leave her alone for now.”</p>

<p>As I pat Wheaty's head, my grandmother lifts Judy, who was hiding, and sits down on the sofa with her on lap. Judy timidly curls up, avoiding Wheaty's gaze. Judy is somewhat fairer and smaller than Wheaty.</p>

<p>Azure stands behind me, while Beriche watches him from the side. Beriche isn't as cautious about Azure as she was on the first day. She's always been a curious girl, and I think she'll gradually get used to him like this.</p>

<p>“You don't have to be so scared, Judy.”</p>

<p>As my grandmother gently strokes Judy's long hair, she hands her two pieces of cookie, saying, “Here, one for you and one for Wheaty.” Beriche watches the slightly nervous Judy with great interest.</p>

<p>“Do you think these two will mate?”</p>

<p>But Judy is still not a 'female' yet, so I don't think that will happen.</p>

<p>When Judy cautiously offers one of the cookies she received from my grandmother to Wheaty, Beriche and I simultaneously exclaim, “Oh!” Judy tries to hurry back to my grandmother, but Wheaty catches her hand. As we watch with bated breath, Judy stops and turns back to look at Wheaty. She stands still as Wheaty lowers his head and nuzzles closer.</p>

<p>“It seems alright.”</p>

<p>I can't help but let out a sigh of relief. I thought doggies would play more excitedly with each other, but Wheaty and Judy quietly snuggle up, and it seems to be going well. It crosses my mind how nice it would be if they have little puppies someday. I know Wheaty would eventually leave me, but...</p>

<p>Shaking off those thoughts, I say,“Mr. Madeley, about the defense system...” I address my grandfather again. “I'd like to find out what happened to it.” My grandfather responds with a simple “I see” and seems to struggle to find the right words.</p>

<p>On the day my father mentioned the decoy landing, I saw an orange kite. It's highly likely that Earthlings activated the defense system. I want to confirm if Azure is involved in that.</p>

<p>“You mean that Bugbear young man?”</p>

<p>“Yes, he looks like a Bugbear, but he might have come from outside this continent. If that's the case...”</p>

<p>If that's the case, I may have come to seriously believe that he is an Earthling. But what is his purpose, and how did he get here? There is so much we need to know. Even if he's not an Earthling, the kite I found doesn't belong to Hyanorl or Bugbear. We can't rule out the possibility of another Earthling invading. If only we could find some clue.</p>

<p>“What should we do, Grandpa?” My grandmother asks.</p>

<p>“Ah, my lovely granddaughter has come to visit. I can't just ignore it. Let's take a trip to the control site,” he says with a grin. I smiling broadly. I think this words probably referring to my current expression.</p>

<p>“And what will you do after the investigation?”</p>

<p>“I want to return him to his country after eliminating the possibility that he is an Earthling.”</p>

<p>“What if he turns out to be an Earthling?”</p>

<p>“First, I'd contact the university...” I think for a moment, “and then I'd ask my mentor and the committee for their judgment on whether to proceed with language analysis or to send him back to the surface...”</p>

<p>Either way, it's no longer within my decision-making abilities. If it's decided to return him to the surface, there is an aircraft stored at the control site. My grandparents and my father can operate it. So, if one of these three people listens to my unreasonable request, even if Azure is an Earthling, we can return him to the surface.</p>

<p>“Back to the surface, huh?”</p>

<p>As my grandfather murmurs and puts on his coat, the corners of his mouth seem to form a smile.</p>

<p>“Wheaty, come here!”</p>

<p>I call Wheaty, who has been glued to Judy the whole time.</p>

<p>“They were almost about to mate,” says Beriche.</p>

<p>I see.</p>

<p>“Wheaty is lucky, having a fiancée.”</p>

<p>If Azure continues his rough behavior, he might end up being neutered. As I think about it, Beriche seems to understand.</p>

<p>“It's alright, just leave Azure alone.”</p>

<p>Even though he might be an Earthling, to Beriche, he's less important than a doggie.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>We traveled from the Stump House to the control site in my grandfather's horse-drawn carriage. The cargo area was narrow, so we tied a rope to its edge and let Azure run alongside.</p>

<p>I say “I wonder if Azure is alright?” And Beriche answer “Animals with many sweat glands release body heat through sweat, so they should be good at and enjoy exercising.” It didn't seem that way, but if Beriche said so, it must be true.</p>

<p>The horse-drawn carriage, with no suspension, rattled and shook. Beriche began to sing, and I joined in. When we encouraged Wheaty to sing as well, he somehow joined in, and Beriche skillfully harmonized with my voice.</p>

<p>“What do you think music is?” Beriche asks, suddenly, while singing with extra lungs.</p>

<p>“Huh? Is that a philosophical question?”</p>

<p>“It doesn't matter. I just want to know what you think.”</p>

<p>“Well... A synesthetic response during auditory re-synthesis resulting from delayed brain processing?”</p>

<p>“I don't understand that explanation!” Beriche chuckles.</p>

<p>“What do you think, Beriche?”</p>

<p>“A reflection... of this world, I suppose.”</p>

<p>“A reflection?”</p>

<p>“I feel that every moment of sound pressure contains the entirety of the world. Music is the continuation of that. The universe's time is recorded in it.”</p>

<p>While conversing in the main lungs, the two of us continued to sing with extra lungs, and Wheaty followed along, singing off-key.</p>

<p>“Wheaty's chroma is three.”</p>

<p>“Huh?”</p>

<p>“Wheaty's song. It's transitioning in a twelve-tone equal temperament. It's rare for a doggie. It's the first time I've heard it.”</p>

<p>“Really?”</p>

<p>Beriche's talk is esoteric, and I can't keep up with this aspect of the conversation. To me, any song is just a song. As we ride the carriage, the scenery gradually becomes filled with more mushrooms. After passing through a tunnel made of rotting wood, a vast mushroom forest spreads before us.</p>

<p>Among them, the most enormous and imposing mushroom is the drone control site, commonly known as the “Mushroom House.” This military facility, disguised as a mushroom, manages the drones and defense systems throughout this entire area.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Upon reaching the door, my grandfather asks, “Frare, want to give it a try?”</p>

<p>Of course.</p>

<p>When I hold my left hand over the door, a dedicated interface is called back on the light panel, displaying my ID and individual authentication scores in its window. Scores for various university degrees, citation counts for papers, achievements in specific companies, military ranks – if the score is sufficient, it's shown in green, and if it's not, it's shown in red.</p>

<p>Although the door opened without a problem, Azure and Beriche, who do not have access rights, have to stay behind.</p>

<p>“Can I leave Azure to you?” I ask Beriche.</p>

<p>“No problem. There's something I want to try,” she replies.</p>

<p>Something she wants to try?</p>

<p>“What about Wheaty?” Beriche asks.</p>

<p>“I think pets are fine. Come on, Wheaty.”</p>

<p>Wheaty seemed ready to follow from the beginning, but I'm slightly worried about Beriche's mischievous expression. As I hesitated, Madeley said, “Shall we go?” and I hurriedly followed along with Wheaty.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The path forks, and one side leads to an underground storage. Beyond that is a manned fighter jet.</p>

<p>“It's an old Plurno model, but it should still be able to fly in this planet's magnetic field,” Madeley explains unilaterally and then says, “You should take a look,” as he descends into the storage. I did think we shouldn't keep Beriche and the others waiting, but hearing about a fighter jet made me curious.</p>

<p>Descending a fantastical staircase disguised as a pure white stalactite cave, the aircraft was seemingly floating on a transparent underground lake. The exterior was designed to look like a Borgal sea turtle from the Delnight star system. I feel a strange excitement in my chest, thinking how wonderful it would be to fly above ground in this aircraft.</p>

<p>“Hey, Etoshen. Almira Diet has returned,” my grandfather affectionately speaks to the Borgal sea turtle as it raises its head. Etoshen – so that's the name of this aircraft. At the same time, I feel a sense of nostalgia for the name Almira Diet, as my grandfather lovingly addresses the turtle.</p>

<p>“The Plurno model was originally designed to prepare for the invasion by the Fen'bel forces, so it's meant to be an exospheric aircraft. Many of them were unstable on Darl star, but this one is an early Plurno model, a pre-modified aircraft for outer space compatibility. It can fly freely on both Darl star and Earth,” my grandfather explains and adds, “Well, you should know that already.”</p>

<p>Even so, an early Plurno model means it's at least 120,000 years old. It dates back 50,000 years before moving to Darl star 70,000 years ago.</p>

<p>“Another site administrator tried it, but it seems the camouflage didn't work in urban areas on Earth due to magnetic noise. It needs a little adjustment there,” he says.</p>

<p>“Did they fly in an urban area?”</p>

<p>“Yes, but it wasn't me. It was the guys from East End.”</p>

<p>“I see. So that person saw Earthlings?”</p>

<p>“Yes, yes. As they're now in quarantine.”</p>

<p>When my grandfather deactivated the camouflage, a white twin-fuselage aircraft appeared. Under the white dial resin on the surface was a bioclocknoid, an artificial lifeform with a body temperature of 270 degrees Celsius. With liquid sodium blood, a structure mainly composed of organic silane compounds, a scattered nervous system running through it, and a grotesque molybdenum skeleton floating just beneath its thin skin.</p>

<p>“However, we can't make this thing go all out,” my grandfather says, as if sensing the excitement in my chest.</p>

<p>“The Fen'bel forces attacked us from 18 light-years away. This aircraft was designed for their suppression. If we use it against Earth's military, the destruction of one or two cities wouldn't be the end of it.”</p>

<p>With an effective range of 180 million kilometers, a maximum output of 42.7 petajoules per particle cannon, and the ability to target up to twelve targets simultaneously. Reload time is 0.7 seconds, with continuous fire limited only by heat dissipation and unlimited ammunition. The magnetic field shield has a maximum instantaneous capacity of 4.6 megateslas, comparable to the magnetic field of a small neutron star. Although it's a third-level technology designed to match the Fen'bel forces, their aircraft stood no chance against it.</p>

<p>“Mr. Madeley, have you fought with this before?”</p>

<p>The excitement swelling in my chest felt stuck in my throat.</p>

<p>“Yes, but I wasn't as skilled as Frare.”</p>

<p>“Me?”</p>

<p>My grandfather's glassy eyes seemed to look beyond the twin-fuselage aircraft, gazing at the starry sky.</p>

<p>“Yeah, you were flying around so happily.”</p>

<p>“W-Wait a minute, do you remember something from over a hundred thousand years ago?!”</p>

<p>“Yes, I remember. Almira Diet is a legend. You might not remember that name anymore since you went on to become a scientist, a designer, and other things, but I've been here all this time protecting this aircraft. I'll never forget the sight of you, etched in my mind.”</p>

<p>My grandfather's words, “Almira Diet is a legend,” didn't immediately reveal their meaning. It took a while to collect one or two more words as I passed by and looked back to finally understand: he was talking about me. That's why I felt so excited.</p>

<p>“Thanks to living here quietly, I have few social connections. It's a convenient place to live while remembering the days gone by.” I didn't think it was filled with happiness. A lonely old man, living by clinging to a small happiness that surpasses any other. A faint smile appeared on his profile.</p>

<p>“What was our relationship like back then, over a hundred thousand years ago?”</p>

<p>“I don't remember that much. It's quite different from remembering things from a few thousand years ago.”</p>

<p>I remember that my current family began when I called them. We became family with my grandparents in a formal sense, but we didn't meet often. Yet, Madeley knew, even before we became family. He knew me.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Leaving the hangar behind, We head to the data room. But I can't access the area beyond with my ID.</p>

<p>“Please, just tell me if Azure is involved.” I call out to my grandfather, who is facing the terminal, but he seems puzzled.</p>

<p>“Did something happen?”</p>

<p>“The security level has increased since the last time. I was denied entry.”</p>

<p>Is that because of the explosion incident? Why can't even the caretaker enter?</p>

<p>“Ah...” my grandfather mutters. “There's a 'civilization contact alert'.”</p>

<p>A civilization contact alert? Earth's civilization should be at the first or second level. But this isn't the first time I've doubted that.</p>

<p>“Is there a third-level civilization?”</p>

<p>“Yeah, or even higher. I couldn't get in even with the approval of my former university professor.”</p>

<p>Third-level or higher. It sounds far-fetched, but after hearing, “Ah, it seems I can get in here. I got the approval from my former student,” I suddenly feel that it might be true when I hear the student's name.</p>

<p>“No way, is there a fourth-level civilization?”</p>

<p>Ignoring my question, my grandfather continues to work on the terminal. After a brief moment, the door lock is released.</p>

<p>“Can I come in too?”</p>

<p>“No, I can't let unqualified people in,” my grandfather says as he moves to the other side of the door. Of course, that makes sense... Feeling disappointed, I watch as Wheaty leaps through the closing door and the door shuts behind him.</p>

<p>“Ah!”</p>

<p>I thought this would be a simpler conversation. I just wanted to know if Azure was involved in the system malfunction. Of course, it would be great if I could learn about the owner of Kite, but I don't necessarily want to ask for everything. I let out a sigh. If I could talk to Wheaty, I'd get the information from him.</p>

<p>Standing in front of the door deep in thought, my grandfather comes out after a while, holding Wheaty.</p>

<p>“Mr. Madeley, I'm not interested in Earth's civilization, but rather, how Azure came to visit this land.” I try to ask just that, thinking it shouldn't be a problem, but there is no answer.</p>

<p>I believe the former student who granted my grandfather approval was a colonel. Someone in charge of commanding large-scale operations. If there's any issue, it could cause trouble for that person. I'm already surprised that my grandfather was his teacher, yet he remains nonchalant as always.</p>

<p>Still, I have no choice but to ask. Just as I'm about to speak, my grandfather hands Wheaty to me, saying, “Here.” Without looking me in the eye, “I asked Frare for help.” He lightly pats Wheaty's head and heads toward the exit.</p>

<p>“Mr. Madeley!”</p>

<p>I try to stop him, but he has no intention of answering anymore.</p>

<p>Outside, Azure and Beriche are waiting. Beriche has tamed Azure and is proudly talking to me, but sorry, I'll have to get back to that later. I listen to my grandfather's explanation again, but all he says is,“This is an important matter regarding civilization contact. Proceed with caution.”</p>

<p>From Mr. Madeley's reaction, it's now certain that there is a third-level or higher civilization on Earth, probably a fourth-level one. Even though I was supposed to know beforehand that Earth only had a second-level civilization. But what I wanted to know wasn't such a big thing. I just wanted to know about the person who flew with that kite. Yet, it feels like I'm being led somewhere far away. Unconcerned with my anxiety, Wheaty has been playing by drawing patterns on the ground since earlier, with Beriche carefully erasing them with her foot.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>When I return to the mansion, the soldiers are gone, and my mother tells me they took Azure's clothes with them. She also informed me that the visitors were Captain Elunart Laid's squad. Their objective was probably to investigate Azure's identity. If things go on like this, I'll be left in the dark.</p>

<p>I go up the stairs and knock on my father's door. The monitor opens.</p>

<p>“Where are you now?”</p>

<p>“In the office at Center Building.”</p>

<p>“Can I come over now?”</p>

<p>The monitor turns off, and the door opens, connecting to the elevator of a building in the capital. I go from the 7th floor, which has a universal portal, to the 34th floor where the office is, passing security checks, and connect to the sub-tower on the 27th floor.</p>

<p>When I enter the office, my father is sitting leisurely on the sofa, fiddling with a board game while surrounded by countless open monitors.</p>

<p>“I saw a Sisouk model the other day. Sisouk is for outer space, right? What was it doing?”</p>

<p>“Did you come to ask that?”</p>

<p>There are many things I want to ask. If he can't answer, even just saying “I can't answer” would suffice. I just want to get closer to the truth, even if just a little bit.</p>

<p>“At this time, it's probably conducting operational tests in Earth's magnetosphere. It may also be meant to intimidate ground forces, but for now, it probably won't be brought to the surface.”</p>

<p>Of course. Just the warp-out would cause the surface to be blown away.</p>

<p>“When necessary, they'll warp out of the magnetosphere and land safely.”</p>

<p>“What do you mean by 'necessary'? What are we planning to fight?”</p>

<p>My father gestures that he can't answer, unfortunately. I can't help it, so I change my question.</p>

<p>“I heard they took Azure's clothes, did they analyze the cells?”</p>

<p>“Yes. Do you want to see the results?”</p>

<p>“No need. I know the answer.”</p>

<p>Azure is a Bugbear, not an Earthling. I know that much.</p>

<p>“I see. I'm relieved.”</p>

<p>I'm not some fanatic like you think, Dad. What I want to know isn't whether Azure is a Bugbear or not. It's the wall between us and the Bugbears, the wall between the Hyanorl and other species, where it comes from, and how we should understand it. No, something bigger. Will we continue to wander the universe forever, eroding civilizations wherever we go? Where are we headed?</p>

<p>“I understand. How long do you think we've been a family?”</p>

<p>I hope so.</p>

<p>My father makes a slightly awkward face and says, “Returning the Bugbears to their countries is the official stance. It is necessary to return them to their respective countries,” as he sinks deeper into his chair.</p>

<p>Who's actually upholding such a pretext? Besides... “They're fighting wars among themselves, the Bugbears. Are we returning them to those countries?”</p>

<p>“I do feel sorry for them. But that doesn't mean we have the obligation or the right to protect them.”</p>

<p>That's all just a pretext, too. People who interfere, do so for their own benefit. And yet, when the disadvantages of the other side are mentioned, they hide behind principles and escape.</p>

<p>“Anyway, the appraisal results will be notified soon. We'll have to decide our attitude then.”</p>

<p>“What if I said I won't accept the notification?”</p>

<p>“Well, you're not obligated to accept it.”</p>

<p>In Druid Town, even now, some families keep Bugbears like that. There are plenty of such homes if you go from Reiners Town Street, across Jhu-In Street, to the Littlewoods area. I'll become one of them too. But still.</p>

<p>“Then, let's end the matter with Azure. May I ask one more question?”</p>

<p>“I don't mind, but in return, grant me one wish, Frare.”</p>

<p>“What's your wish?”</p>

<p>“There's a group in a border town that communicates with Bugbears. I want you to meet them and ask about Azure.”</p>

<p>What could be the purpose? Although it might mean to listen to some legitimate scholars, aren't they just people who provide things to them and conduct experiments?</p>

<p>“I'll listen to them if that's all. But in return, answer my question honestly. Depending on that.”</p>

<p>“Understood. What's the question?”</p>

<p>“Is Earth's civilization at the third-level? Or the fourth-level?”</p>

<p>I tried to choose a question that was as unambiguous as possible, with a clear answer. However, the answer was, “Neither.”</p>

<p>Neither? Then, that's not an answer...</p>

<p>“Could it be, the fifth-level?”</p>

<p>“I'm only answering one question.”</p>

<p>The fifth-level? Even though traces of it haven't been found anywhere in the universe... on Earth?</p>

<p>“Can I get back to my game now? My opponent is waiting.”</p>

<p>“Wait! Just one more!”</p>

<p>A call tone sounds from the light panel on my left hand. Looking at it, Wheaty is puzzled in front of the bathroom. That boy, seriously!</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_5">Chapter 5: Frare Cael (4)</h3>

<p>When I sleep, my feathers open up. Usually, the scales that stick to my body and shimmer return to our bird-like state only during the night.</p>

<p>In the early morning, Wheaty slips his hand between my feathers. He always wakes up a little earlier than I do and gently strokes the feathers around my nape. When I accidentally let out a sound, Wheaty licks my face. It seems that this is his way of saying “good morning.” When I still don't want to get up, I lay on top of Wheaty, who still tries to lick my ears and neck, so I turn his body over, fold his knees, and hold the curled Wheaty in my arms to sleep again.</p>

<p>We both fall asleep like that and have a slightly late morning. Holding Wheaty's hand, I go down the back stairs and out the back door to the water place.</p>

<p>I take off my shirt, wash my hair, undress the sweat-soaked Wheaty, and pour water over his head, making him shiver from the cold. I rub soap on his head, rinse his body with the foam, hang his wet clothes to dry, cover him with a blanket, and place him on the wood deck. Squatting under the clear water that flows through the wooden pipe from the stone wall, I think about our journey that starts tomorrow.</p>

<p>A border town. A town that is called so due to its diverse atmosphere where various species gather, rather than having an actual border. It is half a day's distance by floating car, but since we decided to go by horse-drawn carriage, it will take 30 days. Preparations will probably be hindered by Wheaty, and today will be spent on that.</p>

<p>Even so, I wonder why bathing in water is so calming. I love the time I spend bathing in water the most. As I open my feathers and bathe my bare skin in water, Wheaty throws away the blanket and rushes toward me. He doesn't care that I just wiped his body. He clings to me with both hands and starts shaking his hips.</p>

<p>“No, Wheaty, you have a fiancé.”</p>

<p>There is a deep wound in the middle of Wheaty's abdomen, which was initially painful to look at, but I've grown used to it.</p>

<p>While doing such things, Azure spends all day in their room, staring at the maze. Beriche said that “Bugbears stare at mazes when shown to them,” so we tried it, and Azure really does stare at it all the time.</p>

<p>In the afternoon, I spread a map on the living room table and confirm our travel route with Beriche. There are post towns along the highway, and some suitable streams for bathing are marked on the map. I estimate the distance we can travel in a day, and mark essential water spots a little away from the highway.</p>

<p>Beriche points to one place, saying “This distance, but.”</p>

<p>“It's difficult to cover this distance in one day since I have to return here for the morning sound check.”</p>

<p>I see. I thought we'd be together all the time, and it felt a little lonely.</p>

<p>“Then let's divide this part into two days.”</p>

<p>“That sounds good. Frare, what do you do in the morning when I'm not around?”</p>

<p>“I usually start a fire during that time.”</p>

<p>To be honest, the burden of not being able to communicate with Azure was significant. Half the time when I talk to Wheaty, it's like talking to Beriche, and the feeling of the party I started gradually winding down is lonely. It's like being at a party where nobody joins in the game and everyone just talks in small groups, and people start leaving one by one early on, giving off that kind of feeling.</p>

<p>“Hey, Beriche.”</p>

<p>“What's up? You sound serious.”</p>

<p>“I've known from the beginning that Azure isn't an Earthling.”</p>

<p>Beriche sighs.</p>

<p>“I know, it's always been that way, hasn't it? Remember when we went searching for fairies? Back when we were on Darl. That was fun, and I like your silly side. It doesn't matter which side you believe in; if you have an idea, you should just go for it.”</p>

<p>Yeah, that's true. But...</p>

<p>“Let me correct you; when we were searching for fairies, it was almost entirely a joke.”</p>

<p>“What do you mean by 'almost'?”</p>

<p>“But don't you think this time is more plausible than that?”</p>

<p>Hearing that, Beriche thinks for a moment.</p>

<p>“Well, maybe. You could even claim that the doggie is an Earthling.”</p>

<p>No, that's pushing it... I look at Wheaty's face.</p>

<p>“Wheaty, an Earthling?”</p>

<p>Beriche, with her chin resting on Wheaty's head, says, “Well, it's impossible, though.”</p>

<p>“You know, the doggie was synthesized in a lab on the sixth planet of Teagarden? Its base is made up of three different species from separate planets. Isn't it strange that they accidentally look similar?”</p>

<p>“But if they were both placental mammals, this form would be possible, right? The doggie might have been created to resemble that. Besides, this one has a navel, so it's a placental.”</p>

<p>“Hold on, a navel?”</p>

<p>I quickly lift Wheaty's shirt to check the old scar.</p>

<p>“I thought it was a scar too, but it's too deep to be a scar. If it's placental, there should be quite a few of this type. It might be a standard form in a third-level civilization.”</p>

<p>It does look like a navel. It's in this position...</p>

<p>“Gross...”</p>

<p>“This hole goes all the way to the intestines.”</p>

<p>“No, I don't know that.”</p>

<p>During the fetal stage, mammals extend an intestinal tube from their abdomen to parasitize the mother's body and absorb nutrients. The navel is a remnant of that, which can be considered an original mouth. In most cases, the function as a mouth is lost at birth, though. However, if Wheaty is a placental, it means that he is a different species from the doggie.</p>

<p>“Of all vertebrates, mammals are the worst, especially for reproduction.”</p>

<p>“It's fine. The mouth on the belly is just a mark. It won't stick its tongue out from there and attack. Probably.”</p>

<p>No, that's not the problem. Placental mammals have a high-risk reproductive method, strong oral desires, and an overly strong ego. When the environment changes, they become extinct immediately.</p>

<p>“Once mammals start reproducing, their civilization is on the path to destruction.”</p>

<p>“Yeah, I get it, but your choice of words is harsh.”</p>

<p>Mammals can reach the third-level of civilization, but they tend to stagnate there. From our fourth-level perspective, we don't understand why they get stuck there. And third-level civilizations are always bickering and causing trouble among themselves.</p>

<p>“Third-level civilizations are those wandering around in spaceships with cold sleep, right? I don't understand the fun in that, and I don't understand why they're so obsessed with survival. They should just drift to the edge of the universe while sleeping.”</p>

<p>“But not all of them. There are mammals even in the fourth-level civilizations. Occasionally.”</p>

<p>“That's a rare exception. I think mammals are essentially machines, like organelles.”</p>

<p>“I don't get it. Explain it so I can understand.”</p>

<p>“In other words, the spaceship is the main body. The organic matter inside is just jelly.”</p>

<p>“Sorry, but that's kind of funny.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The following day, the morning of our departure. I decided to treat Wheaty to some new clothes, making him look a little sharper than usual. Azure, who had been gazing at his labyrinth the whole time, joined us, and we waited for the end of the morning session at a table in the corner of the square. After a while, Beriche brought us sandwiches and tea.</p>

<p>“Let's set off after we eat these.”</p>

<p>“Okay.”</p>

<p>I took the labyrinth away from Azure and encouraged him to eat.</p>

<p>“You shouldn't show him the labyrinth inside the carriage. He might get motion sickness.”</p>

<p>But, since it's just a trunk, there's no need to show him the labyrinth anyway.</p>

<p>“Also,” Beriche said with a sandwich in her mouth, “since he doesn't have an ownership mark, he'll be considered a free individual. Is that okay?”</p>

<p>Wait a minute, there are still free and owned individuals?</p>

<p>“Yeah. Border towns are like that. If you put your initials on his shoulder, he'll be considered your property. But without it, he's a free individual, so if there's any trouble, you won't be able to claim ownership. The person's own will takes precedence.”</p>

<p>But isn't that obvious? I don't think I own Azure. Wheaty brought his nose closer to the sandwich.</p>

<p>“No, Wheaty, this isn't something you can eat.”</p>

<p>“It's fine even if it's temporary. As long as it's proven that he accepts it, it will be effective.”</p>

<p>As I stroke Wheaty's head, it sounds like a story from the Druid era.</p>

<p>“No, let's leave it as it is. I want to leave it up to his will if something happens.”</p>

<p>“Understood.”</p>

<p>I knew that border towns were different from the towns we knew, but where are we heading? I spent yesterday choosing various costumes, showing them to Wheaty and packing them in the trunk, but I don't feel like it's going to be a fun trip.</p>

<p>“What will we do about sleeping arrangements?”</p>

<p>Beriche's questions continued.</p>

<p>It's been a long time since the Druids left, and there aren't many settlements still functioning as inns. I looked it up, and about half of them will be camping out. Hearing this, Beriche frowned.</p>

<p>“I don't want to sleep in a tent with a bugbear.”</p>

<p>Yeah, I thought Beriche would say that, and I should have prepared a proper answer. I'm not without fear of Azure myself.</p>

<p>“Do you think Azure will attack us?”</p>

<p>That's what Beriche is worried about.</p>

<p>“Regardless of whether he attacks or not, we need some distance.”</p>

<p>Distance, huh...</p>

<p>“If we're far apart, we can stay uninvolved. If there are cows or chickens around, we can just eat them when we're hungry. But once we get closer, it's not that easy. We have to choose between 'delicious' or 'cute'.”</p>

<p>I see. What about Azure, then?</p>

<p>“Azure is not an animal. He's a person, right?”</p>

<p>“He's not a person. Bugbears and us have completely different values.”</p>

<p>“That may be true, but different isn't necessarily bad.”</p>

<p>“That's why distance is necessary. Both physically and mentally.”</p>

<p>But I thought getting rid of such distinctions was the role of an artist.</p>

<p>“For an artist, distance is something that exists yet doesn't. It's neither large nor small, positive nor negative. If I had to put it in a word, it's an imaginary number.”</p>

<p>Imaginary number. As I chewed on the words I had received, Beriche offered two proposals.</p>

<p>First, materialize a proper cottage at night, and spend time in separate rooms.</p>

<p>Second, at night, put a collar on Azure and let him outside, while we spend the night in a tent by ourselves.</p>

<p>The first proposal is much more advanced in terms of civilization than the rural life we had decided upon.</p>

<p>“That's to be expected. After all, we've solved problems like these by developing our civilization.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>From Frogalgae Manor, heading east along the old highway, the old Druid townscape continues for a while. There were many Druid towns on this continent, and the one we live in is quite large. No matter how far we run, there are still Druid streets. Druids were the same species as us, Hyanorls, but in a way, they were the farthest away from us. They longed for a natural life, and in abandoning their immortal fate, they had sexual desires. Our bodies only began to crave life when we gave up immortality. They chose to be short-lived, carrying the anxiety of death, while we chose immortality, carrying the anxiety of life. Perhaps it is the anxiety of having made the choice. The security of not choosing and the anxiety of having chosen. If we choose something, regret may be inevitable.</p>

<p>But when I'm on horseback, or on the coachman's seat, I forget everything. The faster the speed, the more liberated I feel from the bonds of the flesh. As we pass through the Scaleridge Tunnel from the Blueplum Highway and connect to the Spurside Highway, I'm handed Wheaty through the small window of the cabin.</p>

<p>“Wheaty says he doesn't like it unless he's next to you,” said Beriche.</p>

<p>“What? Wait.”</p>

<p>It's nice to be loved, but how am I supposed to hold the reins while holding you? I reluctantly put Wheaty on my lap, drape his front legs over my shoulders, bury his face next to my neck like I'm holding a big baby, and try to hold the reins, but Wheaty twists his body to face forward.</p>

<p>“Hey, it's dangerous if you move now, isn't it?”</p>

<p>He ignores my words, flips his body around, and settles in snugly with both front legs on the arm that holds the reins. The fragrant, sweet scent of Wheaty's back of the head is right in front of me, like chocolate rubbed on the tip of my nose. I wrap one arm around his chest, draw his face close, and inhale deeply. It's warm. When I press my nose against Wheaty's ear, he covers my hand with his hands and tries to hold the reins himself.</p>

<p>“I get it. So, shall we take off, Wheaty?”</p>

<p>I whisper in his ear and give the whip to Salty and Sugary. The speed increases. As the wind blows, my nictitating membrane comes down. Through it, I see polarized light, the position of the sun, the flow of the wind, and the scenery that has passed by, all painted inside my chest.</p>

<p>Faster, even faster.</p>

<p>The carriage jolts over a decayed log that we failed to avoid, and I straighten the body with the reins and my weight. I thought Wheaty would be in the way, but he moves his weight as if he knows how to fly in the sky, adjusting to my body. Surely it's a joke that Wheaty is a mammal. This child must be a bird in reality. The carriage picks up the bumps on the road and shakes our shoulders. I lift my hips slightly, holding down the raging carriage, and say,</p>

<p>“But look, Wheaty, see?”</p>

<p>The ground flows beneath us without touching our legs.</p>

<p>“We're flying, you know. In this low, low sky.”</p>

<p>The highway runs along the river, the river changes its expression, and the number of houses entering our eyes gradually decreases. The winding river, the vast fields with water gates and irrigation channels, and the occasional flooded shrubs along the riverbanks suggest the river has swelled. Clusters of settlements and fortified cities are visible here and there. Until just a hundred years ago, the Druid s were at war, fighting for territory city by city. Wild horses raise their heads. Unfamiliar water birds skim across the river surface and take flight. The foothills of the mountains, which we saw from afar, have drawn near. The highway leaves the riverside and enters the woods and mountain roads on the right. As we follow the winding path covered by deep trees, sunlight filters through the leaves and runs along the outstretched arms of both Wheaty and me.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>We search for a camping spot and set up our tent while the sun is still high. We let Salty and Sugary rest, and there's an excellent stream nearby. Beriche hands me the maze and puts a collar on Azure while he's mesmerized by it. I thought he would go berserk when he saw the collar, but the effect of the maze was outstanding.</p>

<p>I think the speed and distance the maze moves at are imaginary numbers. Multiplying them only results in a negative number, but if it becomes negative, we can go back to the past. When I tell Beriche that, “I don't understand when you say it so suddenly.”</p>

<p>She tilts her head, waiting for me to continue. I think this time when she listens with her ears perked up might be the imaginary number. Something can become negative when multiplied. Finally.</p>

<p>“Frare, you have a lot of disconnected conversations, don't you?”</p>

<p>I guess so... It feels connected in my mind, but it's strange.</p>

<p>But Beriche, there's nothing in the future, you know.</p>

<p>“We're not unable to remember the past. We've been walking into the future, so we have no memories.”</p>

<p>The two of us undress each other, take off Wheaty's clothes, and run to the stream.</p>

<p>“There's a current!”</p>

<p>“It was worth enduring!”</p>

<p>When my father told me to go to the border town, I was honestly depressed, but if it was like this, I should have done this from the beginning.</p>

<p>Holding hands with Beriche, we head upstream, and when we both spread our feathers, a white sebum flowed out from the gaps in Beriche's feathers.</p>

<p>“You're dirty, Beriche. It's because you haven't taken a bath,” I frown, and she laughs, saying, “I'm surprised too.”</p>

<p>We run upstream, throw Wheaty into the deep water, and I catch Beriche and scrape the sebum stuck behind her neck, on her back, and under her arms.</p>

<p>“I can do it myself! Stop it!” she giggles, but I can't help laughing too, saying, “If you could do it yourself, it wouldn't be like this!”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>As the sun began to set, we started a campfire. Beriche sat down leisurely and began to play a six-string guitar materialized from her left light panel. Watching the campfire crackle and burst, we sang a song or two with a hum, and made small talk between the songs. We discussed jokes, serious matters, and everything in between. I think it'll be written in my work someday that life needs both travel and campfires.</p>

<p>“Hey, Frare. We'll have to put a chain on Wheaty when we're in the border town.”</p>

<p>In the midst of the gentle sound of the guitar, the sound of a bell spoke cruelly.</p>

<p>“There, doggies are traded. Security is not good, and if we don't have a chain, Wheaty might be plundered.”</p>

<p>“I see. Then, it can't be helped.”</p>

<p>“Also, we need to take off the clothes.”</p>

<p>“Huh? Azure's?”</p>

<p>“No, Azure is fine. We'll take off Azure's collar, too. Otherwise, it would mean 'for trading'. The problem is with Wheaty. Many people don't like doggies dressed in clothes, so it's better to undress if we don't want to be bothered.”</p>

<p>“I see. Then Wheaty will be just like a normal doggie.”</p>

<p>“A normal doggie, indeed. It's strange that you treat Wheaty like a lover.”</p>

<p>Upon hearing this, I asked if she was jealous, and she put me in a mysterious joint lock.</p>

<p>“A lover, huh?”</p>

<p>I know the word, but what does it really mean?</p>

<p>“Do lovers crawl into bed and sniff each other's scent, or lick each other?”</p>

<p>“Frare, what have you been doing with Wheaty every night?”</p>

<p>Well, it's more like Wheaty is the one initiating it.</p>

<p>“But if Wheaty were a real Earthling, I wonder if our sweat would be toxic to him.”</p>

<p>“Is that so?”</p>

<p>Beriche is surprised, but yeah. There are only a few species resistant to beryllium compounds. doggies have resistance because our RNA invades them, but on the other hand, the damage to their genes is severe, and many individuals cannot reproduce.</p>

<p>“So doggies will disappear in the near future.”</p>

<p>“But if that happens, we'll go and collect new genes and repair them.”</p>

<p>“With Earthling genes?”</p>

<p>“Yeah. If Wheaty were an Earthling, there would be people who would suggest that, I'm sure.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next morning, an unfamiliar loud explosion. We saw a mysterious silhouette in the sky.</p>

<p>“What is that?”</p>

<p>“I think it's a fighter jet.”</p>

<p>Beriche threw a lemon in her hand towards the fighter jet.</p>

<p>“Strange shape. I wonder what it's trying to imitate.”</p>

<p>“Could it be from Earth? It only flies straight, like an old airplane.”</p>

<p>Just as she said that, the fighter jet was shot down, and Beriche raised her fist in victory, saying, “I got it!”</p>

<p>“Do you really need a Sisouk model when I'm more than enough?”</p>

<p>Azure and Wheaty were both looking in the direction where the fighter jet was shot down. A moment later, the roar of a neutral particle cannon thundered. It spread in the atmosphere, softly, with a lingering sound. Before the echo of the sound faded away, Beriche turned around, saying, “I hear a car.”</p>

<p>Looking at the road, we saw dust in the distance.</p>

<p>“It's the sound of the car from the other day,” said Beriche.</p>

<p>Despite the fact that we could only see dust from this distance, Beriche's hearing was truly sharp.</p>

<p>“Do they have business with us?”</p>

<p>“They wouldn't drive on such a rough road otherwise.”</p>

<p>As we waited, the captain and his vehicles arrived. Three in total. The last two were large hover-type trucks without camouflage. They stopped right near us, and the bearded captain got out of the coachman's seat of the leading engine car.</p>

<p>“I have come at your father's request. An alert has been issued. There is no shelter here in case of an emergency. Please accompany us.”</p>

<p>He cut to the chase abruptly.</p>

<p>“Wait a minute, what happened that requires us to go to a shelter?”</p>

<p>“The outer defense system was destroyed by multiple simultaneous missile attacks. This has allowed enemy fighter jets to enter. As far as we can confirm, three unmanned aircraft have entered, one of which has passed through the inland grid, in other words, penetrated the second defense line.”</p>

<p>I was a little confused by his use of the word “enemy,” but it seemed he was speaking in the old military tone.</p>

<p>“Enemy? Could it be Earth?”</p>

<p>“Yes, most likely. Their forces are not significant, but we never thought they would attack. Even if our technology has advanced, we cannot respond to a swarm of locusts with the latest weapons. It's best to think of it as a force of nature and hide.”</p>

<p>It's strange for me to say, but I don't know how serious the captain is. It would be nice if he used standard military terms. The words of the anachronistic captain and the smell of gasoline wafting in the air. The hood of the old military vehicle gasped as it made an engine noise, while the onboard receiver faintly played music.</p>

<p>“What should we do then?”</p>

<p>“It's hard to say where it's safe. It would be better to evacuate to a place with a shelter nearby, as much as possible.”</p>

<p>If that's the case, we could simply open a warp hole inside the carriage.</p>

<p>“However, we cannot open a warp hole while running the carriage.”</p>

<p>The captain put his finger on his chin and made a grim face.</p>

<p>“Phase difference errors often occur during movement. If we have to stop the carriage and reopen the warp hole every time, there won't be enough cigarettes to go around.”</p>

<p>It's nice that he's trying to explain it, but I don't understand what he means——Interrupting, Beriche said, “We will continue towards the border town.”</p>

<p>“Yes, I heard that you are going to Hortus.”</p>

<p>“Yes, the city of art.”</p>

<p>Beriche kept looking at the military vehicle. The soft, distorted music coming from the other side of the hood. She shook her shoulders slightly, as if picking out the sound.</p>

<p>“I understand. There is a unit stationed there for maintaining security. It should be safer than here.”</p>

<p>The captain showed a slight smile on his grim face, but Beriche ignored it and pointed, “This is a radio, right?”</p>

<p>“Oh, this? You figured it out well. It seems to be from this planet, broadcasting in the medium wave range,” answered a young soldier standing near the car.</p>

<p>“If we were to compare it to our civilization, it would be around the middle of the second-level. The radio waves are quite weak, but this vehicle's receiver is a military model, after all. The sound comes in better at night. There seem to be several channels.”</p>

<p>Beriche's eyes sparkled at the soldier's explanation.</p>

<p>“Let me hear the other music. I want to listen to Earth's music,” she leaned forward, and as the captain gave a signal, the young soldier adjusted the channel.</p>

<p>After passing through some noise, different music began to play.</p>

<p>“I see.”</p>

<p>Beriche listened to the music, making the orange feathers around her shoulders glisten.</p>

<p>“The chroma is three. The vibrato seems to be applied in the throat. The composition is centered on height. There are many key changes, but the chroma remains the same.”</p>

<p>The first Earth music we heard repeated the same beat over and over. It felt like being continually struck by a repeating wave, like breathing, like flapping wings, like a heartbeat. This sensation felt vaguely familiar.</p>

<p>I understood the situation, that we couldn't leisurely travel by carriage while discussing our circumstances and learning about each other. We decided to be escorted to the border town. In the military vehicle, we received the same warning that Beriche had mentioned earlier. In other words, Wheaty should wear a collar, be tied by a chain, and have his clothes removed. And then...</p>

<p>“You should also make sure the light panel doesn't open.”</p>

<p>“The light panel? Why?”</p>

<p>“Hyanorl women's hands are valuable. The price jumps up if they have a chip.”</p>

<p>Just women's hands? When separated from the body, a lock is placed on the chip. So why?</p>

<p>“For Bugbears, that's their revenge against us Hyanorl.”</p>

<p>With the captain frowning beside her, Beriche laughed.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The carriage was loaded onto the transport vehicle, and after riding on the hoverway, we arrived at the gate near Hortus just after noon. From here, it would take only about 20 minutes to reach the city center by carriage. I had marked so many waterfalls and streams on my map. Feeling a bit disappointed, I sighed and showed the collar to Wheaty.</p>

<p>When I referred to it as “imaginary distance,” Beriche corrected me, saying it was just “materialized distance.” Imaginary distance was something different.</p>

<p>“I'm sorry,” I said, holding out my right hand in front of Wheaty's mouth. “I probably shouldn't let you lick it, but just this once.”</p>

<p>I rubbed my forehead against his and slowly put the collar on him. When I took off his clothes, he became docile and began to whine anxiously.</p>

<p>“It's just for a short while until we leave town,” I said, hugging him as he shivered with cold and stroking his now-visible back. But surely there will be fun things, too. Wheaty and I can find something fun together, right, Wheaty?</p>

<p>Beriche advised me to put a sticker on him to show he was owned. I remembered I had a sticker from the Earth Festival and decided to put it on. To avoid any trouble, I made sure it covered his navel. I didn't want to look at his navel either.</p>

<p>We left the hoverway, crossed a narrow path, and climbed onto a small paved road. The sound of stones hitting the carriage disappeared, and the sounds of horseshoes and wheels clattered on. As Wheaty leaned out the window, the scent of the approaching town met his nostrils. The road followed a small stream, gently curving and being absorbed into the town.</p>

<p>We rounded a hill and came upon a Hyanorl town.</p>

<p>The townscape, adorned with Dial resin-based buildings disguised as camouflage, felt nostalgic even though I had only been away for a short while. The lines of the buildings' structures, the distant cliffs, the plants, streetlights, benches, and everything else were organically designed. It revealed a new, human-made natural order.</p>

<p>We stopped the carriage at the entrance of the town and walked through the gate. A bugbear adorned with flowers stood there without moving. He was beautifully made up, with decorative characters all over his body that he probably couldn't read himself.</p>

<p>Beriche pointed and said, “That's imaginary.”</p>

<p>“I was staying here during a break after a tour, hoping to recharge. It must have been over ten years ago. But it hasn't changed much around here.”</p>

<p>I see. Beriche had been here before.</p>

<p>Old stone buildings lined the street, with cafes and boutiques on the ground floors. Cheerful music could be heard from somewhere. The walls were indeed filled with graffiti befitting an art town. Paint was splashed on the stone and bronze sculptures, some of which were broken or vandalized, and in the distance, unexplained fires burned.</p>

<p>“It's fine. About half of it is just fake decorations by the Hyanorl. The other half is actual traces of clashes between the bugbear tribes.”</p>

<p>Many pairs of boots hung from the wires stretched across the street.</p>

<p>“In the past, it wasn't boots hanging there, but the actual people.”</p>

<p>Beriche squinted at the boots swaying in the air. I understood the meaning of the words, but the scene that formed in my mind was quite a funky one.</p>

<p>The feeling of stepping into a new town for the first time never got any easier, no matter how many times I experienced it. I think that we had gained eternal youth and stagnation simultaneously. Every time people looked our way, I reflected on my own shortcomings and felt uncomfortable. I wondered if their gazes were due to Beriche's psychedelic outfit, my own attire and the Wheaty I held in my arms, or the frightened Azure walking beside us.</p>

<p>Since entering the town, Beriche's hand tightly gripped Azure's belt, and though it appeared as a glove, it was probably materializing an electromagnetic ray gun.</p>

<p>“I've stayed in this artistic town for about a week too, and it's a comfortable place to live if you're determined. Look over there,” Beriche said while pointing to a building across the street, reeling Azure back from an attempt to run off. “I stayed on the second floor. The first floor was a butcher shop, but they served a simple breakfast...” Beriche trailed off, inhaling the unfamiliar, rich smell of meat. Wheaty hadn't left my side since we arrived.</p>

<p>“They let doggies eat meat there,” Beriche casually mentioned before suddenly striking Azure's medulla oblongata to subdue him. “The professor researching Bugbears is at the market, right?”</p>

<p>In the depths of the street, a museum came into view. An intersection revealed a vast green space, complete with a pond where fish swam, and stones at the bottom scattered sunlight. People bustled through the streets, confined within their cages. I slightly submerged my shoes into the grass.</p>

<p>“From around there, it's all illusionary. Probably holograms,” Beriche explained, pointing. “But that's how we learned about the world, through illusions.”</p>

<p>The wind created ripples in the flower beds, and the droplets from the sprinklers brushed away the subtle warmth the sun provided. As I held my hand up to the soft sunlight, Wheaty tugged at my skirt and pointed to the flower bed's sprinkler.</p>

<p>I was at a loss for words.</p>

<p>Beriche, who noticed quickly, spoke quietly, “He's not a doggie, this one.”</p>

<p>Wheaty pointed to a small rainbow created by the sprinkler.</p>

<p>The ability to recognize rainbows is a criterion for possessing a first-level civilization. The doggies we knew wouldn't pass this test.</p>

<p>“Why now?” I blurted out.</p>

<p>“What will we do? Go back?” Beriche asked.</p>

<p>And how would we explain it to my father if we did?</p>

<p>“By telling him that Azure was a Bugbear,” I responded. But would we just leave Azure behind?</p>

<p>“Look at Wheaty,” Beriche said, shifting his gaze. “As much as I don't want to say it lightly, if there's a chance one of them is an Earthling, it's him.”</p>

<p>Beriche, who had always indulged my whimsical ideas, was now ahead of my understanding.</p>

<p>“But even so, Azure might not belong to this town either.”</p>

<p>“It's better than being with us,” Beriche reasoned.</p>

<p>I never intended to keep him.</p>

<p>“Calm down, Frare. We can just meet with the person we're looking for and go,” Beriche reassured.</p>

<p>“Okay,” I agreed.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Upon crossing the bustling downtown area, the number of vehicles noticeably increased. Passing through residential areas and warehouse districts, we arrived at the market. When I heard the word “market,” I thought of the Druids' morning markets. However, this town's market was a wholesale district nestled on a vast piece of land. Beyond it, across the river, was the Bugbear settlement. Beriche, Azure, and I passed through a large gate where large transport vehicles came and went.</p>

<p>Steel arches supported the ceiling like ribs, and through the old, dim glass, drowsy rays of sunlight drew gradients of parallel lines. Maps were posted on each column within the building, and Azure stopped in his tracks every time he passed one. It was past noon, and more than half of the wholesalers had already closed their shutters. There were few people coming and going – some were finishing their day's work, while others were discussing tomorrow's purchases. No one here looked at us with curious expressions.</p>

<p>Dimly lit alleys. In the few shops still open for business, tourist trinkets were on display. With no customers in sight, the shopkeepers were absorbed in casual conversations with familiar salespeople. Upon entering our target shop, we found that its interior was like a labyrinth. Azure's gaze wandered from the walls to the ceiling and then to the carpet on the floor before becoming fixated on one point on the wall. When I showed the shop owner the memo in my hand, We were gestured to the back of the store, where a narrow staircase was located.</p>

<p>The staircase was so narrow that only one person could pass through at a time. The walls were covered with many cutouts, and the aged handrail wobbled when grabbed.</p>

<p>“What's wrong with you?”</p>

<p>As soon as I stuck my head out on the second floor, a man asked from behind.</p>

<p>“There's a gastroenteritis outbreak going on. 8 out of 10 cases with diarrhea symptoms are due to a virus.”</p>

<p>While examining a Bugbear child lying in bed, the man continued to speak. The small room served as both a warehouse and an office, with a humble bed placed between piles of cargo. A little Bugbear was lying there, panting from fever.</p>

<p>“Are you a doctor?”</p>

<p>When Beriche asked, the man finally turned around and looked at each of our faces in turn.</p>

<p>“I'm not a proper doctor. But I'm called one sometimes.”</p>

<p>The doctor-like man wiped his hands with a tightly wrung cloth and peered intently at Azure's face.</p>

<p>“From the looks of it, he seems to be fine. Are you here for a purchase, perhaps?”</p>

<p>Without any self-introduction, he jumped right into the main topic. We still couldn't quite determine how to evaluate him, given that he seemed to both treat Bugbears and engage in buying and selling.</p>

<p>“If you want to sell, I can deal in the town's currency, Petals, official credits, Reputation, or anything else.”</p>

<p>What did my father want me to do? It couldn't be that he wanted me to sell Azure, could it? Did he just want me to confirm that Azure wasn't from Earth?</p>

<p>“I won't sell him. He's not sick or anything; I just have some questions for him.” As I pointed to Azure, the man appraised him from head to toe.</p>

<p>“I want to know where he came from.”</p>

<p>At my words, the man shrugged his shoulders. He picked up a scanner from the table and waved it over Azure's shoulders, then moved around the labyrinth-fixated body, continuing the scan on his sides and buttocks.</p>

<p>“There's no chip inside. If we check his DNA, we can find out where he's from. Want me to give it a try?”</p>

<p>Even though all I had to do was say yes, I couldn't understand the meaning behind it anymore. I didn't want that information to be investigated any further. As he was about to take a tool out of the cupboard, I quickly threw in my words.</p>

<p>“Actually, I'd like to request a purchase.”</p>

<p>Beriche seemed slightly surprised. I'm sorry, Beriche, for surprising you. But it's alright, it is what it is.</p>

<p>“OK. I think we'll find a buyer right away. How do you want to be paid?” The man looked up, probing our intentions as he asked.</p>

<p>“Credit is no good. It leaves a record and lowers our reputation.” Beriche whispered.</p>

<p>“That's a careful decision. So, Petals?”</p>

<p>“I don't need them. Just take him for free.”</p>

<p>“Alright.”</p>

<p>As the man nodded, a light panel opened on the table, displaying Azure's portrait. The overlaid numbers slowly incremented.</p>

<p>“An individual without a chip or brand will fetch a good price. They can be entrusted with underground tasks.”</p>

<p>The man muttered while looking at the light panel display. I didn't understand the value of the price displayed in the town's currency, Petals. Unable to find a response, I remained silent until he looked at me and asked again,</p>

<p>“Are you really okay with giving him away for free?”</p>

<p>Azure was still staring at the labyrinth. I just absentmindedly stared at the numbers on the light panel, trying to prevent the loneliness in my heart from seeping through my throat.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>As we left the shop, we heard gunshots. One after another, two shots, followed by angry shouts and laughter.</p>

<p>“What's that?”</p>

<p>“Gunshots.”</p>

<p>“Are they using a gunpowder gun?”</p>

<p>“No, the sound is fake. It's used to train Bugbears.”</p>

<p>I suddenly felt anxious.</p>

<p>“Is it Azure?”</p>

<p>“I think it's another Bugbear. Azure is still in the shop.”</p>

<p>The gunshots roared again. Hesitantly, Beriche spoke with her gaze averted.</p>

<p>“Bugbears die instantly when their third ganglion on the shoulder is shot. However, they can be reliably resurrected if shot in that specific spot. They use this to train them. There are specialized guns with gyro stabilizers, so they never miss. I think your electromagnetic gun probably has that mode too. It's called 'Ryueil Blan Mode,' and famous admirals and pilots have their names assigned to special shooting modes.”</p>

<p>As I lost my words, Beriche asked, “What do you want to do? Get Azure back?” but my legs were trembling and couldn't move.</p>

<p>“Is the other party an illegal organization?”</p>

<p>“Yes. Are you scared?”</p>

<p>Honestly, there's no way I'm not scared. I sold Azure to that organization, and I'm too afraid to even try to get him back.</p>

<p>“Why did you say you wanted to sell him?”</p>

<p>“I don't know. I never wanted to sell him.”</p>

<p>I just didn't want to hear the answer that he wasn't from Earth. Because of that, I ended up saying I would sell Azure.</p>

<p>“You don't need to dwell on it. Saving just one among hundreds of tragedies would only satisfy your feelings and wouldn't change anything.”</p>

<div class="sepalator">*</div>

<p>We got some tea to go from a cafe on the outskirts of town and sat down under a large tree. It seemed Wheaty was also quite thirsty. I disguised my light panel as a paperback book and called up the settings screen of the electromagnetic gun.</p>

<p>“Found it.”</p>

<p>“See? Told you it was there.”</p>

<p>Beriche peeked in, but what I had found was not the Ryueil Blan Mode. She noticed too and fell silent.</p>

<p>——Almira Diet Mode “Classic” - Rapid switching of cooling packs while gyro-tracking, asynchronous continuous firing, repurposing the body block as a cooling tank——</p>

<p>I wonder what kind of battles I fought. Why did I leave the military and become a scholar, then a designer? I closed the book and put it back in my bag.</p>

<p>“I can't even make a single Bugbear happy.”</p>

<p>Before I knew it, my own sense of powerlessness had spilled out in words.</p>

<p>“You don't make them happy, that's not how it works.”</p>

<p>The nonsense of chasing unanswerable questions and the sense of futility. I should know that.</p>

<p>“Can one really be happy knowing that others are suffering?”</p>

<p>At my soliloquy-like question, Beriche hesitated to answer. Can one really be happy, knowing others are suffering? I checked the meaning of the words that had slipped out of my mouth.</p>

<p>“We are neither happy nor unhappy.”</p>

<p>Beriche's answer, like a soliloquy. Neither happy nor unhappy. Yes. Neither happy nor unhappy. I repeated it twice in my chest.</p>

<p>That's right. After all, we don't grow anymore. We can't become saints just because we've lived for tens of thousands of years. We only confirm our own foolishness. After a pause, Beriche says:</p>

<p>“This town is a pile of crap. This is the society we've built over 800,000 years.”</p>

<p>Yes, that's the reality. But I've always believed it's not everything. Hearing this, Beriche quietly nods and begins to speak.</p>

<p>“When great art is born, everyone gets disappointed.”</p>

<p>Disappointed?</p>

<p>“Art exposes our foolishness. The greater the art, the more it reveals an essential foolishness we cannot overcome. Seeing such art, we get disappointed and then praise it.</p>

<p>'You did well to expose it; this is our stain, the ultimate crap.'</p>

<p>Nobody wants to be foolish. If there are flaws, we want to face and overcome them. That's why art that exposes it is great. But the moment it's expressed, it becomes a part of reality. An irreparable defect is sublimated into art, hailed as our essence, an immortal truth shared by everyone, and eventually forgiven. By the time it is passed on through the hands of several people, the disappointment fades, and it becomes just art.<br/>
Art is a specimen of despair.<br/>
It's crap, that sort of thing.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The slanting sun stretched the shadows of the treetops, and we were in the middle of the slowly passing long afternoon. Beriche and I walked, gazing at the words that floated and disappeared in our hearts. Beriche led the way on this road we walked for the first time. Raising her right hand and pointing, just around that corner, we could see our carriage. When I heard that, I saw a Bugbear in a berry-picking farmer's outfit.</p>

<p>“Azure?”</p>

<p>I couldn't help but say it out loud. Beriche also let out a small gasp, and Azure noticed us as well.</p>

<p>“Azure!”</p>

<p>I called out to him without thinking, but Azure seemed confused. As we approached him, “Why did you come back?” There was no way he could answer that question... As I thought about it, my running feet had already reached him, and with that momentum, I tightly grabbed his shoulder.</p>

<p>“This is communication, isn't it? I wonder why I built a wall, myself.”</p>

<p>Still, there's a conflict. I know. I suppress the unbearable discomfort that seems to seep out from my insides with reason.</p>

<p>The captain's carriage had also come close. The captain was puzzled that Azure had returned alone, but when Beriche and I told him what happened in town, he laughed and said, “Maybe he didn't like his new owner.”</p>

<p>Beriche whispered in my ear,“Maybe Azure isn't a Bugbear after all.”</p>

<p>“Do you mean Azure is an Earthling?”</p>

<p>“It's a possibility.”</p>

<p>It was the same when we searched for fairies on the planet Darl. You said that then, Beriche. It's a possibility.</p>

<p>But I'm glad. That he came back.</p>

<p>I contacted the professor just in case. The professor said that Azure was already sold to his next owner, and even if he had run away from there, it was not their concern.</p>

<p>“But it might cause trouble.”</p>

<p>“If the new owner put an identification chip in him, it would be better to return him, but if not, his own free will should be respected. If he says he wants to follow, no one can interfere.”</p>

<p>The captain, who had been listening to the conversation, scanned Azure's body for us.</p>

<p>“It's fine. He's a genuine free individual.”</p>

<p>I dressed Wheaty. Bending down, I let her front legs rest on my shoulder and patted the dust off her back, tears welling up in my eyes. It must have been tough for you, Wheaty. Not being able to wear clothes.</p>

<p>It was a rough journey. Especially for Azure and Wheaty. I think Azure is a Bugbear. I don't intend to doubt that anymore. That being said, I'm still unsure if Wheaty is an Earthling or not. But that's my challenge for the future. I don't want to burden them any further.</p>

<p>“We can open a warp hole for you, so please use it.” The captain kindly offered.</p>

<p>“Thank you. Will you all be returning soon as well?”</p>

<p>“No, our mission is to bring you back to the mansion. With this, our role is over.” The captain looked at the town with a faint smile, then immediately turned back to us.</p>

<p>That father of mine really can't make up his mind, saying to go and then to come back.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The return carriage was driven by Beriche. Even though it was called a return journey, we would just enter the warp hole, and when we exited, we would be right in front of the mansion's entrance - just a few steps away. We didn't know what had happened while we were apart, but Azure looked frightened. When Beriche showed him the stun gun, Azure waited for the trunk to open. I gently placed my hand on Beriche's right hand.</p>

<p>Beriche looked up at my face, and I shook my head.</p>

<p>“What are you going to do? Not putting him in the trunk?” Beriche asked, but I wanted to reconsider for a moment.</p>

<p>“It's fine in the cabin. I think he's been through a lot.”</p>

<p>Azure sat across from me, fidgeting and watching us. Wheaty seemed to notice something was off with him as well, intimidating him between me and him.</p>

<p>“It's okay. He's just being cautious because of everything that's happened.”</p>

<p>The carriage started moving, and there was the fluffy weightlessness feeling when we went through the warp hole. Wheaty had experienced it when we entered my father's room, but it should be Azure's first time. The next moment, the scenery had completely changed.</p>

<p>When we arrived home, Adel and Nick greeted us and told us that father was calling for us in his room.</p>

<p>“Tell him I'll come after I've rested for a bit.”</p>

<p>A report would soon arrive from the captain anyway, right? Should I confront him about using the military to watch over me, or not? For now, I returned the trunk to my room, changed my clothes, and then... fell onto the bed while thinking. Without being called, Wheaty climbed onto the bed.</p>

<p>“You must be tired too, right?”</p>

<p>Tears spilled from my eyes, and Wheaty licked them.</p>

<p>It's really no good.</p>

<p>As I sniffed Wheaty's scent, I became sleepy. My thoughts entwined in a swamp-like slumber, and I realized this wasn't just licking, it was kissing. Such thoughts floated through my mind, leaving a gentle kiss on my cheek, and I fell asleep.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>I woke up to Wheaty's shrill voice.<br/>
Azure had entered the room.<br/>
Wheaty was on guard against Azure, and had been making loud noises since earlier.<br/>
Car sounds came from outside. Military vehicles, the sounds of Captain's team's vehicles. Soon, the sound of the front door opening and the footsteps of soldiers climbing the stairs were heard.</p>

<p>“What's happening?”</p>

<p>There was no answer from Azure.</p>

<p>“Wheaty, come here. What are you doing?”</p>

<p>Wheaty remained cautious of Azure and seemed to be trying to convey something to me.</p>

<p>There was a knock on the door.</p>

<p>“Frare! Be careful! He is aiming for your left hand!”</p>

<p>It was Beriche's voice.</p>

<p>What does that mean?</p>

<p>“Young lady!”</p>

<p>It was the captain's voice.</p>

<p>“We're opening a warp hole in your room! Please turn off the warp shield!”</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_6">Chapter 6: Floating Continent Report (1)</h3>

<p>About 8 kilometers deep into the continent, I spotted a figure on a horse. The person was clearly looking at me, and I suddenly felt panicked, pulling my break cord.</p>

<p>As I was slightly swayed by the raging wind, I crossed over a gentle hill and chose a place with as few rocks and trees as possible to land on the ground. A pack of wild dogs was watching me from a distance. There were no familiar trees or buildings in this area, and I couldn't gauge their size. If they were this big from this distance, they might be around two meters.</p>

<p>Dragging my line, I left the spot, removed my carabiner, and hid in the shadow of a rocky area. With shaking fingertips, I took off my harness. There was about one kilometer between me and the spot where I had seen the figure. Even if I sprinted at full speed, I still had to cross over a hill.</p>

<p>One of the dogs appeared near my abandoned paraglider. They likely had a keen sense of smell. I couldn't just stay hidden. This area was probably a river terrace, with limited visibility on the ground. For now, if I crossed the hill in front of me, my view would open up. I chose my course visually, and aimed for the top of the hill while keeping my back low.</p>

<p>The wolves noticed me immediately. The human body isn't well-suited for sprinting across a wilderness. As I ran up the hill, another wolf sprang out. No, this wasn't a wolf—it had scaly skin, perhaps a reptile. When I changed direction, I realized that the ground I thought I was on was merely deep grass. I lost my balance as my foot got caught, and I slid down a rough rock surface headfirst. A long line of blood and mud stretched from my palm to my elbow.</p>

<p>I was now in a ditch several meters below my previous position, and there was a small stream at my feet. Looking up, I could see the shadow of a wolf. I hid in the grass covering the ditch as I advanced, then found a gap and sprinted up. The wolves immediately spotted me.</p>

<p>All I had to do was make it to the top of the hill. The gentle slope occasionally rose steeply, blocking my path. As I climbed the hill using both my hands and feet, the ground dropped away sharply on the other side. The wolves were approaching from both sides. I had no choice but to keep moving. I stumbled as I started to run, and my foot got caught in the grass. I tumbled sideways, bouncing occasionally, and managed to get back up only to fall and roll again.</p>

<p>When I reached the bottom of the slope, I noticed a large bloodstain on my sleeve. Blood was pouring from somewhere on my body, but I couldn't tell where. However, the plain in front of me was flat. If I ran, the person I saw earlier would surely notice me. I just had to believe in a miracle.</p>

<p>I got up and started running towards the miracle. As I began to run, the wolves howled in unison. No matter how much I ran, the distance to the miracle didn't seem to shorten, but the sound of the wolves drew closer. I wiped the sweat from my brow, and my sleeve turned red with blood. As soon as I realized where the wound was, it began to throb with pain. Suddenly, sadness welled up in me. I was going to die. I should have just kept running, but my heart was filled with the fear of death. Until now, I had always unconsciously envisioned tomorrow, what lay just ahead, and the scenery that awaited me with each step forward. But now, there was nothing. The next second was darkness. Time kept flowing into the darkness. I wondered where I would be bitten and how much it would hurt. I would die while watching my own flesh being torn away.</p>

<p>But the wolves didn't come.</p>

<p>Fighting against the fear, I slowly turned around and saw that the wolves had stopped about ten meters behind me. What had happened? I didn't understand, but maybe I had been saved. The wolves seemed to have agreed on something and began to retreat.</p>

<p>A miracle happened.</p>

<p>A smile unintentionally spilled out, and I turned around with determination, trying to take another step. But then my feet got tangled.</p>

<p>Before I knew it, I was knee-deep in the mud.</p>

<p>Could this be...?</p>

<p>It might be a bottomless swamp.</p>

<p>——But I quickly shake off the thought.</p>

<p>I pull out one foot and try to take a step forward, but the foot I had put my weight on sinks further. I try to pull my feet out more carefully and slowly, but both feet continue to sink in the muck. I use both hands and feet to slowly pull them out, leaning forward, but I lose control of my legs and fall forward.</p>

<p>But this isn't a bottomless swamp. It's just a swamp with no bottom.</p>

<p>Somehow, I manage to lift my body, but now I am swallowed up to my navel.</p>

<p>A different kind of despair arrives. When I was with the wolf, I couldn't see a single second into the future. Now, I have some slow-fading, useless hope. As I cling to that hope and lift my leg, slowly supporting my body with my hands to avoid sinking further, every action causes my hope to fade away. I have only 50 centimeters of hope left. My body is now submerged up to my chest.</p>

<p>“Help!”</p>

<p>It's useless, but why do these words slip out? Who am I addressing?</p>

<p>“Someone help me!”</p>

<p>I had an emergency whistle attached to my harness, but I need it now. Even so, I try turning the remaining hope into a voice.</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">Help me!</span>”</p>

<p>I said in English. But why.</p>

<p>There was never any hope from the beginning. Tears well up.</p>

<p>“Someone!”</p>

<p>How many minutes can I survive? In those last few minutes, all I can do is choose a cool phrase to shout as my life ends, unheard by anyone.</p>

<p>“God!”</p>

<p>Even though I don't believe, why do these words come out?</p>

<p>No one should hear my voice, not in a place like this, not from me...</p>

<p>Just as I was about to give up, I saw a figure.</p>

<p>It was riding a horse. No, it was close to a horse's shape, but not a horse's form. The person wasn't human either. They were dressed in an elegant, dress-like outfit with a chic hat. This unknown entity spoke to me. Their throat sounded like ringing bells. It was like the handbells I heard at Christmas were weaving words.</p>

<p>All I could respond was,</p>

<p>“Help me.”</p>

<p>The mysterious figure pulled out a rope from somewhere and threw one end to me. The rope was made of hemp, straw, or some natural material, hardened with wax. My body was already submerged up to my neck, but I reached out my right hand to grab it and tried to wrap it around my left hand. But as I moved, my body sank further. Soon, my mouth would be covered. But if I let go of this rope, I'd lose my chance. It was my last chance. I took a deep breath and gripped the rope tightly with both hands. My ears were submerged, and I couldn't keep my eyes open.</p>

<p>I held my breath for what felt like a minute. Hurry up, rope. Hurry up.</p>

<p>One minute and 20 seconds... 21, 22, 23... Why am I counting?</p>

<p>One minute and 30 seconds... It's impossible. I have to endure it... But...</p>

<p>I inadvertently tried to inhale through my nose, but nothing came in. My body was panicking even though I was calm. I couldn't control it anymore. My mouth opened involuntarily, and a clump of mud flowed in. I couldn't exhale either, due to the pressure of the mud. My lungs were begging to swallow anything, mud or otherwise. Mud, really? Is mud okay? Oh, if only there was oxygen, it wouldn't matter if it was mud or anything else, but there's no oxygen in the mud. So, where's the oxygen? Where am I now? Meaningless images float up in the darkness. Light penetrates. Even though I should have my eyes closed, the surroundings are filled with scenery. What is this? The pain is already gone. Is this the afterlife? Am I dead? A sudden tension on the rope brings back the darkness. The rope in my hand. The rope in my hand is still holding onto the rope... The rope... my hand... the rope...</p>

<div class="sepalator">*</div>

<p>I was floating in the sea, swayed by the waves. In the still-cold water of early July, occasional waves would crash against my face. The sound of the sea seemed distant, and my fragmented dreams continued to shift from one disconnected scene to another. Feeling anxious about the deep sea beneath me, I clung to my dreams, only for the waves to submerge me again. I was plunged into the deep silence of the ocean, my ears filled with the gurgling sound of water, and I slept a dreamless sleep. Aluminum foil wrapped rice balls – how many did I make, and how many did I eat? I sank and rose again. How many did I make, and how many did I eat? Frightened by the howling of wolves, I searched for the hidden rice balls. When I tried to hear a human voice amidst the sound of the sea, another towering wave submerged me.</p>

<p>When I woke up, my mind searched for meaning in the pattern of the ceiling. Sounds reached my ears: water boiling somewhere, firewood crackling in the fireplace, wind rattling the windows, and then the silence that followed was filled with my tinnitus and the smell of the old house. Light and sound played together, but this was still a dream.</p>

<p>The old pillars of my grandfather's house in Gamagori, the velvet sofa, two cats, and the smell of incense. The memories attached to the photos taken in the mandarin orange field, ten seconds before and after. But this was also a dream. When I opened my eyes, there would be no such scenery. Only the faint smell of damp wood and dust lingered, tickling my body.</p>

<p>The light knew only one word:</p>

<p>“Good morning.”</p>

<p>That's right, the light greeted me like this.</p>

<p>The white light streaming through the glass window gently embraced the air and spread, waking my vision. Threads of memory connected one by one. The dream I had just seen disappeared like a sugar cube dissolved in tea, leaving only a faint sweetness of the morning.</p>

<p>I was on the couch.</p>

<p>Stripped naked, covered with a single blanket, and lying down.</p>

<p>Come to think of it, I left a pen and a notebook wrapped in an emergency sheet.</p>

<p>What should I do about the interview?</p>

<p>The refreshing feeling of waking up was clouded by several anxieties, but for a while, my hollow heart pushed them away. There's no need to nurture anxiety. Since my life was saved, I don't have to think about anything else. After all, I'm empty. But the more I think that way, the less empty my heart becomes.</p>

<p>Since coming to this continent, I've had three close encounters with death.</p>

<p>I don't even know who saved me. In fact, I don't even know if I was saved.</p>

<p>Anxiety had always been there, ever since I was in my apartment in Nishikokubunji. The possibility of extraterrestrials and losing my life crossed my mind several times. I filled the gaps in my luggage with unfounded anxiety so that it wouldn't infiltrate my backpack. Even when I looked away, it would always be one step ahead, lying in wait for me. My body started to tremble, and the shivering spread like a chill. I became a broken, shuddering machine.</p>

<p>The inhabitants noticed me.</p>

<p>They stood up and approached me.</p>

<p>Their bodies were over two meters tall.</p>

<p>Their facial features were similar to humans, with large black eyes. Their mouths were a bit wide, and their lips resembled ours. Their skin color ranged from beige to pale pink, with magenta glitter at their fingertips. Their hair was long, feather-like extensions in a mix of sakura pink, crimson, and soft warm colors.</p>

<p>As my body continued to tremble, memories I thought I had tucked away surfaced in my mind.</p>

<p>Plume.</p>

<p>The Pyrrhura parrot she had kept when she still visited my room.</p>

<p>On a Sunday when I went to the pet shop with my girlfriend, she pointed to them inside a cage. they looked at me through the glass and trembled slightly.</p>

<p>“Plume...”</p>

<p>Unintentionally, the word slipped from my lips. She tilted her head, probably understanding what I said, but I couldn't understand the sound she made in return. However, I thought the words I had said to her then were now coming back to me.</p>

<p>“It's okay, don't be scared.”</p>

<p>Even so, my body instinctively tensed up when her semi-transparent eyelids blinked sideways, and her hands and feet moved slightly.</p>

<p>A pale pink creature was in front of me, and an orange one was behind it. As the pale pink one slowly reached out its hand, my trembling body couldn't decide whether to jump off the couch or push its hand away. The pink fingers slowly approached my face, breaking through multiple layers of fear-induced barriers and heightening my shudders to their peak. But the moment they touched my cheek, the sensation was gentle. Unintentionally, tears began to spill, and the fear that had swelled within me scattered like petals. In the aftermath of that tension, I realized I had wet myself.</p>

<p>The orange creature disappeared into the back.</p>

<p>The pale pink Plume whispered something in front of me.</p>

<p>I couldn't stop shaking, and the tremors sapped all thought from my mind, turning into a pain that escaped from the back of my head to my eye sockets.</p>

<p>The orange one returned, carrying a bundle of cloth on a stick. The two creatures chirped, and an alto singing voice blended with the high-pitched bird songs. As I was distracted, the pink one said, “Hyupi,” and caught me in her embrace. She removed the blanket, wiped my legs a little with it, and then lifted me into her arms.</p>

<p>Having no choice but to comply, I soon realized the trembling had stopped. I buried my face in the crook of her collarbone. The magenta skin I had initially perceived as monstrous was surprisingly soft, and I could feel warmth underneath it.</p>

<p>“Plume...”</p>

<p>When I called her, she replied, “Hyupi.”</p>

<p>“Plume...”</p>

<p>“Hyupi”</p>

<p>Her hair was like the feathers of a pale pink bird. Similar feathers layered over her shoulders and back, and I could hear her breathing over them.</p>

<p>She evolved from a bird.</p>

<p>It felt like I was being held by a grown-up Plume – the Pyrrhura parrot we had raised together – and the scent of our old room came back to me. But it was strange...</p>

<p>Whenever I recalled that room, I felt nauseous. But now, the nausea was gone. Fear, anxiety, joy, and a mix of unfamiliar emotions all surged up my throat at once.</p>

<p>The shower room where I found her lifeless body, everything beyond that point was blank, and I couldn't remember anything. How I called the ambulance, who I met that day, all I could remember were the days I spent crying afterwards.</p>

<p>I had come so far on a whim, but even so, compared to the place she had gone, floating continents or the farthest reaches of space were nothing. After all, I'm still alive, aren't I?</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>As the sun set, the fireplace looked dimly lit. Inside the box prepared as my bed, with nothing to do and nothing to think about, I let a strange sense of urgency run through my chest. Plume lowered the fire in the fireplace, took a light in her hand, and approached my box. As the faintly illuminated space swayed from the fire's light, the shadows of the pillars and the desk slipped behind her, leaving only a faint orange light around the fireplace, with darkness accumulating behind Plume.</p>

<p>Plume took a blanket out of the cabinet. She placed the persimmon-colored blanket, which appeared so under the lantern light, on top of the one I was already wrapped in, and said, probably in her own language,</p>

<p>“Good night.”</p>

<p>With that, she went up to the second floor.</p>

<p>The sound of her footsteps, the creaking of the stair treads, and the light from the lantern traced a curve as it climbed the stairs, turned the corner, and slowly dimmed. The sound of her walking on the second floor carpet, opening and closing a door. Beyond that, nothing could be heard.</p>

<p>Outside, there was still a large moon, almost full. The darkness in the room was cut into a triangle near the window, and the rest was silent, with not even the sound of insects. There was no collar, and I could escape whenever I wanted to. There might be anxiety outside, but if the anxiety of being here ever overcomes it, and if I regain a little more strength.</p>

<p>But I don't know if such a leisurely time exists for me or the Earth. And somehow, I regret not being able to return the “good night.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>At daybreak, the morning light filtered through the thin lace curtains, reminiscent of a lodge in Kiyosato I had stayed at once. The scent of wind washed with spring water and the smell of damp floorboards made me think of that time, but it wasn't a particularly refreshing morning. Come to think of it, that morning back then wasn't so refreshing either due to the forced march the day before and drinking late into the night. If this were the refresh room of the editorial office – once a smoking room – I would have immediately melted into the stale air without any temperature difference between me and the room. A refreshing morning. Time with a margin. I can afford to wait for the crystallized fatigue from the night to dissolve in such time.</p>

<p>As I peeked down the curved staircase of the round hall, I saw two monochrome figures. They called out to me, but it seemed to mean no more than “good morning.” Next, a cinnamon-colored, whiskered individual descended and greeted me similarly. Then an orange one stroked my head, rested its chin on top of my head, and moved its jaw joint right and left.</p>

<p>The sound of the door on the second floor opening. And then Plume. I wonder why my heart is racing. Jumping out of the box and standing at the bottom of the stairs wrapped in a blanket, our eyes met like a scene from a glittering movie the next moment.</p>

<p>“Good morning, Plume.”</p>

<p>Plume said something in response, picked me up with the blanket, and took me to the sofa. She lay down on the sofa, lifted me up by holding me under the arms, released me for a moment, caught me as I began to fall, and then pulled me close. Finally touching someone's skin after being separated from the silence of the long night made my heart tremble.</p>

<p>But wait, Plume. “I forgot to go to the bathroom.”</p>

<p>Plume, still lying on her back, lifted me high once again, dropped me a little, and caught me.</p>

<p>I'm sorry, Plume, but I can't right now. I twist my body and escape from Plume's grip, being careful not to offend her, and run to the bathroom prepared for me. Plume follows me, and when I sit on the toilet, she sits in front of me. Now the pee, which seemed to be on the verge of coming out, won't come. I avert my eyes and empty my mind, as if meditating.</p>

<p>—Emptiness. The feeling when my grandpa rode his bike on the highway.</p>

<p>As I hesitated, Plume disappeared into the back with the bowl that had been placed on the cabinet. She must be bringing me breakfast, so now's the time. I urge the image of my grandpa speeding on the highway in my mind, and manage to finish urinating. A sense of morning freshness seemed to have descended upon me.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The doorbell rings. I've heard this sound somewhere before. The visitor's voice that follows is also faintly inscribed somewhere in my heart.</p>

<p>Plume talks with someone at the entrance and receives a small package. She lowers me from the sofa and starts brushing my hair. I realize I haven't washed my hair for a while since I left Japan in a hurry. Plume sniffs my hair and retches. Orange does the same. If it smells bad, they don't have to sniff it.</p>

<p>Despite it being just one day, my guard is lowered with each ring of the doorbell. It's because they're kind to me. I think I might also have ulterior motives, somewhat expecting their hands to touch my body.</p>

<p>Plume grabs my face with both hands and wipes the sleep from my eyes with her thumbs. They bring a blanket, and together with Orange, they help me put on clothes while chirping. It's not the clothes I wore when I came here, but brand new ones.</p>

<p>The bottoms are loose white pants with triple frills and no opening in the front. I'm made to wear them without underwear, which feels a bit prickly, but covering the front gives me a sense of security. The shoes are oversized moccasins, and the top is a gray tube top with lace strings. Over that, I wear a thin pink jacket with lantern sleeves. There is a small white frill border on the front line, a round front hem, and gathered pockets.</p>

<p>When they finish dressing me, they pull my hand and rush up to the third floor.</p>

<p>There is a photo set in one of the rooms on the third floor. An old-fashioned, large camera. The camera is the same as those on Earth. Plume quickly changes her clothes on the spot, puts on a gothic dress, and stands next to me. She adjusts her hair, strikes a modest pose, and I can't help but be charmed by her gestures. She asks me to do some poses as well, and seeing that, I can't help but think that she always wanted a dog. I'm not a dog, but it makes me feel a little better. In a dramatic shot where she hugs me tightly, I tried to make a face too.</p>

<p>Soon, Orange changes her clothes too, and they take pictures with a self-timer.</p>

<p>The heat from the lighting causes sweat to appear on my shirt. My cheeks are flushed.</p>

<p>After finishing the shoot, we turned off the lights, took off our clothes, and opened the window.</p>

<p>We went outside, washed off our sweat at the water spot, and took turns rinsing our hair – first Plume, then Orange, and finally me. I wondered if this could be something like youth.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>I used to think that night was just a time for darkness, but the nights here had a damp, heavy thickness to them. There's no TV or internet, no books to read, not even a clock. Sleep is the only thing that frees me from the anxiety of the night, but even that sleep is like a small boat floating on a dark sea, with a huge shadow lurking at the bottom. The nights I spent in Nishikokubunji were just playing on the shore. I could watch the internet as much as I wanted, and if I wanted fresh air, I could just go to the convenience store. Now, it's as silent as death. I curl up, shivering, trying not to let it seep into my body.</p>

<p>Unable to fall asleep without knowing the time, I hear footsteps from the second floor. My heart races at the sound alone. Raising my head inside the box, I see Plume's face peeking in.</p>

<p>Plume!</p>

<p>Plume has come to me!</p>

<p>She cradles me, blanket and all, and takes me up to the second floor. She talks to me about something, but I don't understand any of it.</p>

<p>We enter her room, and she places a lantern on the bedside table, lays me down on the bed, and dims the light. A faint sweet scent emanates from the bed where Plume lies. She quickly lies down beside me and places her hand on my shoulder. I hesitantly put my hand around her shoulder, and Plume's skin feels slightly different from during the day. What was hard and enamel-like before is now entirely replaced with feathers. From the gaps between the feathers, there's the smell of sun-dried towels.</p>

<p>Plume keeps talking to me in a small voice. I want to talk too, but I don't know what to say. The cookies were delicious, it was a bit cold outside, I fell and it hurt – all the experiences of a pet dog.</p>

<p>I take Plume's hand in front of me and press it against my cheek; it is soft and large, at least two sizes bigger than mine. To Plume, I am a pet dog. But for me, right now, Plume is something more than an owner. When her wrist touches my lips, I feel a faint sweetness on the tip of my tongue. So that's it. Plume's sweat is sweet.</p>

<p>The dense night is lonely. The bed, lit by a small light, is like a submarine at the bottom of a deep ocean trench. There's a silence of a thousand atmospheres around us, with unfamiliar deep-sea fish swimming by. As I cling to Plume's breathing in sleep and sink into it, she hugs me back.</p>

<p>A night shared by lovers.</p>

<p>In the darkness of a room with black curtains, feeling only each other's body heat and breath, we slip into that magical sleep, and morning comes rushing in.</p>

<p>When I look at Plume sleeping beside me, she's entirely bird-like. When she's awake, her hair looks like feathers, but she also appears lizard-like. Her soft, fluffy feathers are warm and full of air. When I ruffle the feathers slightly, I can see the soft skin underneath – a pale pink that's even softer than human skin. Her body temperature is warmer now, and her upper arms and abdomen are soft. My cheek, resting on her arm as a pillow, is buried in her feathers. Plume breathes quietly in her sleep. Her lips are like fruit. My throat craves it, but I can't do this. I quietly back away from the only fruit in her secret garden.</p>

<p>“Plume, it's morning. What do you want to do?”</p>

<p>Plume slowly opens her eyes, makes a small sound, and kisses my cheek.</p>

<p>The thrill spreads through my chest in slow motion.</p>

<p>When Plume sits up in bed, her rolled-up sleeve slides down smoothly. She shakes her body to stretch, her wide-open feathers quickly close and cling to her skin, and her neck, arms, and other exposed parts return to their metallic pink hue.</p>

<p>I tremble like a puppy.</p>

<p>Her figure heading to the closet is by no means an object of sexual arousal. She's tall, her back is covered in enamel skin, and muscular – she looks like a lizard. She doesn't have the feeding organs that should be natural for mammals, and for all I know, she might be male. But even if I knew that, it wouldn't matter, because different species don't care about gender. They are, in a sense, bird-like, Avians, different from humans.</p>

<p>Yet when she takes off her pajamas, opens all her feathers, lets them take in the morning air, then closes them from her neck down to her back, thighs, and toes, and metallic colors race across her body, I feel like I can't breathe.</p>

<p>It's as if I can see the color of the excitement in my chest.</p>

<p>The cold air that flows in through the window she opened, glistening like ribbons, wickedly steals the warmth remaining on my skin. Yet when that wind flutters her feathery hair, and one strand touches her turned lips, several bells ring in my chest as I watch her.</p>

<p>This excitement, visited only a few times in life, races around like angels.</p>

<p>But it's not love. I don't think it's love.</p>

<p>I decided not to fall in love anymore.</p>

<p>I think it's a universal emotion left in the hearts of those who have lost their lovers to suicide.</p>

<p>No matter how many times I tried to forget, I feel like I shouldn't forget now. I recall those days, the music I listened to, and the dramas we watched together. I try to keep her image from disappearing from my heart. But love? In such a foreign land? With someone from a different species, born on a different star?</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_7">Chapter 7: Floating Continent Report (2)</h3>

<p>I woke up with my knees folded and being hugged from behind. Plume's body temperature was high, and I had broken into a heavy sweat in bed. When I turned around, Plume's face was there, and her sleeping breath had a faint scent of grains.</p>

<p>“I'm awake, Plume. Hey, wake up.”</p>

<p>It's been five or maybe six days since I arrived at this mansion. I don't have anything to take notes with, and relying solely on memory makes my sense of time unreliable. I've been picking up small stones during my daily walks and placing them along the wall, but I started that three days ago. I'm not sure how many days that was since I arrived here.</p>

<p>There's a small lake in front of the mansion. It's about the size of the pond in Inokashira Park. It might be better to call it a pond. Following the shore, there's a narrow part with a bridge, and beyond that, it widens again before connecting to a small stream.</p>

<p>It's almost like Inokashira Park.</p>

<p>With that in mind, I named the stream ahead “Kanda River” and the area behind the mansion with a grassy plain “Nature and Culture Garden.” If only I had paper and a pen, I could even draw a map. There's a road on the other side of the lake, which I call Inokashira Street. If I follow it west, I'll probably reach the edge of the continent around Tachikawa.</p>

<p>I've become quite accustomed to living as a dog, having my rear washed after going to the bathroom and walking in sync with the collar on. Of course, I can also do tricks like shaking hands and sitting.</p>

<p>The walks were enjoyable.</p>

<p>Although I wore a collar, I wasn't barefoot like a dog. I even wore clothes. When riding in a carriage, I could sit in a proper seat, and sometimes Plume would hold me.</p>

<p>Plume strokes my cheek with her palm. The scenery flowing outside the window is reflected in her eyes. The carriage traveled along a gravel road lined with sparse spindle-shaped trees, reminiscent of Japanese cedar.</p>

<p>Old houses with gardens, wooden planters, ivy wrapped around iron fences, and gardens divided by flowers. The walls, made of thin, stacked stones, seamlessly connected to the railings of the bridge. Occasionally, tree roots appeared, causing the wheels to bounce, and the road surface changed to cobblestone pavement. Listening to the sound of the wheels and scooping the flowing wind with my hair, I saw a figure in the distance.</p>

<p>The carriage slowly overtook the silhouette.</p>

<p>The person, wearing a collar like me, looked up at me as we passed. They didn't look Japanese, but there was no doubt they were human. I couldn't help but lean out of the window, and Plume held me and put me on her lap.</p>

<p>“Wait, Plume! There's a person!”</p>

<p>We turned the corner and stopped the carriage. Plume and the others went into the store in front of us, but I looked around for the person I saw earlier. Like me, they must have landed on this continent and been taken in. The store they entered seemed to be a flower shop, but I kept watching outside the window. My feelings raced ahead.</p>

<p>When I went outside, I saw another person walking with a chain attached. This is the second one. What on earth is happening on this continent? Our eyes met, but they didn't show any interest.</p>

<p>“Uh, excuse me...”</p>

<p>How should I call out to them? Should I speak in English?</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">I am a japanese journalist!</span>”</p>

<p>As soon as I raised my voice, their owner stopped. Plume also stopped. The person looked alternately at their owner's face and mine.</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">Hello...</span> um...”</p>

<p>What should I say?</p>

<p>Are you out for a walk?</p>

<p>Where did you come from today?</p>

<p>That's a nice collar, isn't it?</p>

<p>No, all of them are wrong. I don't know what to start with.</p>

<p>“Um, how long have you been like this? Uh, <span class="JE">How long have you been...</span>um, <span class="JE">with your master?</span>”</p>

<p>What am I even asking? This sounds like small talk between dogs. No, it's not even small talk. I really have to bring up escaping from here. This is no time to calmly chat. And yet, why are they smiling so calmly?</p>

<p>“Um... isn't it strange that we look so much like pets? <span class="JE">I guess, uh, we look like pets? Don't you feel... a sense of IWA-KAN?</span> ...What's the word for IWA-KAN?”</p>

<p>No, that's not it. It's because I'm trying to speak English that I can only come up with weird Japanese.</p>

<p>More naturally... naturally...</p>

<p>“Hello!”</p>

<p>That's right; this should be the first thing to say.</p>

<p>“We really look like dogs, don't we!”</p>

<p>Oh, no, um...</p>

<p>“It's amazing, isn't it? You're so accepting. I mean, look, you're smiling. You're so laid-back.”</p>

<p>What kind of conversation is this?</p>

<p>“By the way, don't you feel any IWA-KAN? Like, you've failed? Finally made it to the floating continent and... this is what it's like.”</p>

<p>Tanaka-senpai, please tell me. What should I say in this case?</p>

<p>Honestly, I want to scream and run around. I want to destroy everything. Yet, why am I pretending to be undamaged? I want to go insane right now, immediately!</p>

<p>But still, when I was about to bring up the next topic, the person shyly hid behind their owner.</p>

<p>“Oh, I'm sorry.”</p>

<p>I reflexively apologized.</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">I'm sorry... but...</span>”</p>

<p>Promise to meet again next time... No, even if we promise, it doesn't matter... but... As I searched for words, I was pulled by the leash, and they walked away with their owner.</p>

<p>But Plume!</p>

<p>What's going on with this!?</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>I feel quite dog-like now. If I were to rate my dog-ness on a scale of 0 to 100, with 0 being human and 100 being a normal dog, I'd say I'm at a 20. Yesterday, I was probably a 10, and before that, I was at 0. So, does this mean I'll become a dog in 8 more days?</p>

<p>As I walk, I pass another person, an exotic-looking woman. As we cross paths, she leans in close to my face with her nose, then is pulled away by her leash. We reach a plaza, and Plume and Orange buy food from a stall, then sit on a bench. As I glance around, I see two other people who have been turned into pets mating. Plume and the others notice as well and laugh, but I don't think it's funny. Honestly, I envy them. Not just because they're mating, but because they seem to be enjoying their new lives as dogs. Of course, I don't envy the mating part... or maybe I do. No, it's not about the mating.</p>

<p>I arrived on this continent two weeks after its appearance, and it's only been a few days since then. If my dog-ness is progressing by 10% each day, the math checks out for those who landed ten days ago and were taken in as pets. But why am I even thinking about this?</p>

<p>Plume shares some food with me, giving me just the vegetable part of what looks like a hamburger in a bun. I reluctantly eat it, savoring the bitter leaves seasoned with a mix of sour and sweet flavors. I can't say whether it's good or bad, but I bet it would be delicious if I ate the whole thing, bun and all.</p>

<p>When I look up, I see the woman from the mating couple watching me. I desperately try to suppress my emotions, but the thought of this becoming my everyday life fills me with despair.</p>

<p><span class="JE">How long have you been here? Where do you live... um, in this town?</span></p>

<p>I search for words to speak to her as our eyes meet and hold. I keep glancing at Plume, hoping she'll go over to the woman, but she doesn't.</p>

<p><span class="JE">My name is ken terui, a japanese journalist.</span></p>

<p>That person from earlier... what was it again... <span class="JE">Is that man your lover?</span></p>

<p>As I think, she looks up at the sky. I follow her gaze, and there it is: a giant, black, soft-bodied creature floating in the air, with more than twenty legs or tentacles like an octopus. It's the size of a school building, and from its head down to where its legs are attached, there are lines in the air like magnetic field lines. I can feel the slight vibrations, and the air hums with a slow, low frequency.</p>

<p>“Plume, what's that?” I ask impulsively, tugging at her sleeve, but Plume and Orange are also staring at it, transfixed. Everyone in the park looks up, and some people start to run. Plume stands up, picks me up, and starts to run as well.</p>

<p>What's happening? No, what's going to happen?</p>

<p>We rush into the carriage and take off. I can feel the air swirling behind us. Something bad is about to happen. Plume is looking at some kind of panel on the back of her hand, like a monitor, and operating it with her voice. What is it? What is she doing?</p>

<p>The sound, like a giant motor, grows louder and louder. Stripes spread across the entire sky. In the next instant, darkness envelops everything, and the atmospheric roar dies away. For a moment, even gravity seems to vanish . Just as quickly, the darkness lifts, and the bright, stripe-free sky returns. The horses, however, are still agitated, snorting heavily. Orange climbs down from the coachman's seat and gazes up at the sky behind us. From the small window of the carriage, the giant, black, soft-bodied creature that was there before has disappeared.</p>

<p>Plume hugs me tightly and reassures me in a soft voice, “It's okay, nothing's going to happen. Just relax.” She offers her wrist to me. Somehow, I've developed a habit of licking the inside of her wrist and elbow. She knows I enjoy it and willingly presents her arm to me. The feathers on the inside of her elbow are short and turn into black lines with my saliva.</p>

<p>Yes, I am a dog now.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Upon returning to the mansion, I find a wooden, doll-like figure rolling around in a box placed in the staircase hall. It's a toy for dogs. It must have been bought at one of the shops we visited earlier. They expect me to play with it.</p>

<p>Will I continue being a dog like this?</p>

<p>Nevertheless, I exploit my own cuteness to indulge in food and safety. What I crave even more, though, is the joy of being touched. I'm delighted when their hands touch my face, my back, and my belly. I want them to touch me more. There isn't a single place on me they can't touch now. Plume, I want you to touch the one spot you hesitate to touch.</p>

<p>The dog toy looks like a robot or a doll, and judging from the smell, it has some flavor. I don't want to admit it, but I probably like it. There's a resistance to becoming a dog. Of course, that's natural. I can't accept it. However, being a dog is easy.</p>

<p>There were limited rooms I could enter as a dog, but Plume's room always had a doorstop in place for me. When I lie down alone on her bed, her scent that permeates the bed squeezes my heart.</p>

<p>I'm fine with being her dog. If I show my belly, she'll touch me. I don't care about interviews anymore. But there's an occasional anxiety that races up from my toes and jumps into my chest.</p>

<p>It's like the sudden sensation that passes when I haven't started my summer vacation homework and the middle day has passed. The vague unease I felt looking at the watermelon seeds arranged on a plate. There's a definite crisis approaching the world, with many places in Japan being submerged and many deaths occurring. I should really be panicking, but I can no longer construct that sense of urgency within me. Even if I occasionally see strange phenomena, it's like seeing a ghost on a mountain. There was nowhere for that thought to settle down.</p>

<p>During my last summer as a student, when I was hospitalized due to an accident, I often listened to Mr. Takayama who came to visit me.</p>

<p>“I feel like I'm going crazy because of the anxiety that visits me all of a sudden.”</p>

<p>It was like a consultation or anxiety; I couldn't calm down unless I vented it.</p>

<p>“Don't worry, Terui-kun. You're young, you can do anything.”</p>

<p>A more positive response than Tanaka-senpai's, but still a hollow answer.</p>

<p>“We can't do what own love until we retire, can we?” I asked.</p>

<p>“If we don't find something we love, we won't make it after retirement,” he replied.</p>

<p>I was encouraged by a glimpse of the successful life that spilled from that smile and felt a sense of envy with nowhere to go. The boredom and anxiety of that time.</p>

<p>The person from the company I was supposed to join in the spring visited me in the hospital, and because I was somewhat depressed, I ended up saying I would decline the offer. But I recovered completely by spring, and I remember that empty sky of the following year.</p>

<p>The sky visible from the sunroom is the same as it was then. The door is often left open, and I could slip out whenever I wanted. If I go 20 kilometers west along the highway north of the lake, I could reach the edge of this continent. From there, it's only 30 kilometers to Pingelap Island. Just 50 kilometers in total.</p>

<p>“You can do anything because you're young” is probably a lie.</p>

<p>But if I say that, Mr. Takayama would probably reply, “It's not a lie. Look, Terui-kun, you're here, aren't you? Your great adventure has already begun.”</p>

<p>Even in the depths of despair like this, remembering his words makes me face forward. A smile naturally wells up, and at the same time, tears spill out.</p>

<p>I have to live.</p>

<p>For the day I meet her someday.</p>

<p>All I have to do is write articles with all my might. Tanaka-senpai will be waiting for me in the end. Even if I can't make it to him, she'll be waiting for me in heaven. There's no path of failure for me anymore.</p>

<p>With that mindset, Mr. Takayama would pat my shoulder and say, “Let's meet again when you're feeling better.”</p>

<p>I can't help it, but it can't be helped.</p>

<p>“Alright. I'll do my best.”</p>

<p>When I say the same words as that day, I feel better.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Since coming to this mansion, most of the communication so far has been a failure.</p>

<p>For example, when I drew something on the back of a sofa made from velvet or when I went outside and drew something on the ground with my foot. Orange always erases it, and she think it's a game, but it's an interesting article and a good hook.</p>

<p>As for words, although I tried to imitate her voice somehow, it was below the level of a parakeet seen on YouTube and didn't particularly interest them.</p>

<p>When I sing a song, they also sing along, and there is a response, but when I think about it calmly, nothing is conveyed.</p>

<p>Or body language. Conveniently, “wait” works for them as well. When playing with them, if I say “wait” when about to be tickled, they actually wait. However, only “wait” is communicated.</p>

<p>When trying to communicate like this, the atmosphere becomes incredibly lively for a moment. But the time afterward when I become depressed alone is hard. On closer thought, there's no way to show them that I'm more than a parakeet, more than a dog or a monkey. I've seen elephants and seals drawing pictures on TV, but how is that different? What makes humans different from other animals? Combining a parakeet, a dog, and a seal doesn't make a human, but what I'm doing isn't that different.</p>

<p>It was the same at work. I had come up with countless pointless plans and written countless pointless articles, stopping the progress of work that I should have been able to handle. There were mountains of articles that had been scrapped. Maybe what I'm doing now is the same.</p>

<p>“Your articles are like a Tan-po-po growing, you know,” Tanaka-senpai often told me. “Readers are looking for dreams. If you're going to write about the harsh reality, you have to write about how to change it, or no one will think of paying to read it.”</p>

<p>I understand that. What I need to write about isn't how things will turn out, but how to rise above them. But I can't come up with a single coherent thought. After all, if I were human, I wouldn't be thinking about becoming human. In reality, the more I thought about becoming human, the more it turned me into a dog.</p>

<p>Even when I tried to list everything I had seen and heard since coming here in my head, I would forget the old ones after writing down 3 or 4 items. The dried insect-infested food, the woman who was mating, the octopus monster, the monitor on Frare's hand... the woman who was mating. Tomorrow, these memories will become three, and the day after tomorrow, they will become two. When only the woman remains in my consciousness, I will surely become a dog.</p>

<p>So, what I need is a writing tool. If I don't write, I'll turn into a dog. That's right. I'm a journalist before being a dog. If I think of it as an interview, I'm invincible. There are still some rooms I haven't sneaked into. If I can infiltrate them, something will open up. Besides, I'm a pet dog before being a journalist now. No matter what happens, it's just a prank that a dog would pull off. It's a cliché, but haste makes waste. I know it's the kind of phrase that my senpai would make fun of.</p>

<p>The next morning, I pretended to be affectionate with the whiskered man from breakfast time, staying close to him. In my head, I've already started writing the article. The beginning goes like this: “That day, I sneaked into Whisker's room, and now I'm writing this article with the pen I just obtained.”</p>

<p>As I clung to his knee, Whisker ran his fingers from my head, face, and chin. “As expected, Whisker has opened his heart to me. Even Orange, Cinnamon, and those two unapproachable monochrome birds took me to their rooms using this method.”</p>

<p>When I approached the food Whisker was eating and opened my mouth, I was returned to the plume. I was placed on his lap and scolded, “Didn't I properly prepare your meal?”</p>

<p>Reluctantly, I finish my meal in the bowl while watching Whisker's progress with his food. Plume fills another bowl with water for me. Orange finishes its meal and starts clearing its dishes. I take a small sip of water and keep an eye on Whisker's movements.</p>

<p>Whisker puts his fork on the table. He pulls out his chair, stands up, stacks the bowls, and one of the monochrome birds moves them onto a tray. Whisker exchanges a few words and leaves the area, heading towards the hall with the staircase.</p>

<p>When Whisker disappears from my sight, I pretend to head towards my box and follow him. He is heading to the second floor. I don't know what he is doing there. I race up the stairs, slip my body through the gap in the door following Whisker.</p>

<p>The next moment - darkness without gravity sweeps around me, and I -</p>

<p>——I am in a glass-enclosed elevator, ascending.</p>

<p>My thoughts crumble and spill. The rural mansion that had been reflected on my retina is peeled away, and a different scene spreads out before me. No, from the perspective of my usual life, it's rather familiar - familiar technology, the future that should lie beyond, and the things I had hoped for from extraterrestrials are there.</p>

<p>There? What?</p>

<p>Once I understand, it throws another question back at me. In reality, I don't understand anything. Meaningless scenery flows by. Whisker looks back at me, and I am confused by the situation.</p>

<p>The depth of the room is long, with doors at the front and back, and it looks like a corridor. The left and right sides are almost entirely glass, with a city-like view below. The elevator stops soon, but the door does not open. I don't know what this place is anymore. The floor is made of an unknown material with a springy feel, and the ceiling is divided into squares, filled with soft light.</p>

<p>“Where is this?”</p>

<p>I can't help but let it slip. I press myself against the window and see the city. Sparse buildings compared to Tokyo, with organic shapes. There are few cars on the streets, but they're about eight lanes wide, and people walk back and forth in a space on both sides that could be a plaza or sidewalk, and shops open. Whisker tries to grab me, but wait a little longer! As I try to slip through his hand and head to the back of the corridor, something cold touches the nape of my neck, and I lose all sensation in my body.</p>

<p>My feet crumble beneath me.</p>

<p>The sound disappears, leaving only a ringing in my ears.</p>

<p>Whisker grabs my falling neck and drags me along.</p>

<p>My body doesn't move a bit. I can't make a sound, and I can't hear anything.</p>

<p>What happened? What's happened to me?</p>

<p>On the way back, the door that had opened was Whisker's room. The structure was strange because it was connected to the second-floor corridor of the mansion when I came. As I think about it, I'm laid down on the table. There's a faint sensation left deep in my skin that has lost its touch - the pressure on my back when I'm placed on the table. My arms and legs are grasped and stretched out casually. The only sound echoing in my hearing is the bone noise transmitted through my body to my inner ear.</p>

<p>Whisker opens a monitor in the air and touches a pen-like object to my forehead, throat, right shoulder, and left shoulder. Although I can see it in the corner of my vision, I can't feel it. I'm like a dead body or a doll. He lifts my limp body with one hand, checking the monitor as he touches both sides of my hips with the pen-like object. Then, unexpectedly, he lifts my shirt and touches the pen to my navel. A cross-sectional view of my waist is displayed on the monitor. My true identity is being investigated. This person might be able to figure out that I am an Earthling. But it's not a hopeful thought. I had forgotten, but to them, I am an unidentified alien.</p>

<p>“Don't kill me.”</p>

<p>The words I spin inside my chest won't rise to my throat. My sensation-less limbs are lifted, and although I can feel the pressure deep within my skin at my groin and thighs, I don't know what is being done to me. If I were dissected in this state, I would die without feeling any pain. Watching my body being cut open, I would only feel the fear of death.</p>

<p>One of my limbs is thrown onto the table, and the sound travels through my bones. The next moment, I feel heat inside my body. At the same time, pressure from deep within my organs. Nausea comes over me. From my lower abdomen to my lungs, it feels like all my organs are being pulled out. The heat I feel in my organs turns cold, and a prickling sound travels through my bones.</p>

<p>—— Don't kill me.</p>

<p>What's happening to my body right now? Are my limbs still attached to me?</p>

<p>Don't kill me. Don't kill me. Don't kill me.</p>

<p>Amid the spreading fear in my chest, a call rings out. Another monitor opens in the air. Just barely within my field of vision. On the monitor, plume is displayed, but from an angle like a surveillance camera. Whisker talks to her, and she responds. The camera moves to face her directly. plume leaves the room and heads into the hallway. The camera switches and follows her. In front of Whisker's room, she starts arguing with him as soon as she enters.</p>

<p>I wonder how Whisker explains me to plume. That I'm not a creature to be kept as a dog, but an Earthling? Don't say it—— to plume. Don't tell plume I'm an Earthling——</p>

<p>plume takes out a pen from somewhere, touches it to my forehead, and all my senses return. She lifts me up and quickly heads outside the room. I can't understand her words, but I can tell she's angry. She must have realized I was gone and come to take me back.</p>

<p>And I'm relieved she didn't find out I'm an Earthling.</p>

<p>What do I want to do?</p>

<p>How should I explain myself if we communicate?</p>

<p>I think she understood that I was a bit confused and scared. plume puts me on the sofa and talks to me in a gentle voice while pinching my cheeks. Then, as if she thought of something, she takes me to the stairs and points to a picture frame. It turns out to be the photo we took the other day. In the picture, plume dramatically hugs me tight. I'm even posing, making a proper face. Pointing at the photo, she pushes my nose with her finger and chuckles. The me in the photo looks much happier than I do now, as if it's showing the way plume and I should be. Being held by her, I lick her upper arm and shoulder area.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>That day, plume went out on her own. All the while, I curled up in the corner of the room where the Oranges were playing instruments. From yesterday to today, my transformation into a dog has rapidly progressed.</p>

<p>Maybe it's a curse.</p>

<p>In front of me, who had sworn not to fall in love, the parakeet that she had perched on my love fingertip appeared like this, and now I've become a pet. I don't want to admit it, but I have already fallen for plume. Maybe it's because she saved me, or maybe I'm just dependent on her like a puppy. But that's still “love.”</p>

<p>plume will protect me. Even if she can't protect me, even if I'm dissected as an Earthling and turned into a stuffed specimen, I'm sure plume would make sure I wouldn't feel fear or pain. If I were sent to my most beloved like that by her hand, I wonder if that's fate.</p>

<p>As I crouch at Orange's feet, plume returns. She seems hurried. She talks to Cinnamon outside, and the monochrome pair leave the room. I try to follow, but Orange takes my hand and sits me on the sofa. The atmosphere is different from usual.</p>

<p>Did something happen to plume?</p>

<p>“plume! Are you alright?”</p>

<p>I ask loudly towards the outside, but there is no answer. Orange strokes my head, says a word or two, and hugs me from behind.</p>

<p>“Is it okay to do this? Are you really alright?”</p>

<p>When I ask, Orange grabs my face and forcibly makes me smile. When I try to stand up, I am held under my arms and laid down on the sofa, my stomach tickled. This reaction... Did something really happen? The voices I hear from outside are different from usual.</p>

<p>The front door opens, and someone is carried in by the two monochrome figures. As I watch while lying on the sofa, I see black clothing torn in places, covered in mud and bloodstains.</p>

<p>The black figure is laid on the couch, coughing, and blood flows from the wounds that had been clogged with clots. The blood flow continues endlessly. Unaware of the severed blood vessels, the heart pushes the blood throughout the body towards the wounds.</p>

<p>From a distance, I follow plume's movements. The injured person looks like the same species as them, but with green skin like the goblins and orcs seen in games. And what's growing on their body is not feathers like theirs, but something that looks like body hair.</p>

<p>Orange was called to the back, but there was nothing I could do. I've seen accidents several times before, but I've never seen such heavy bleeding. However, if I don't do something, I feel like I might lose my current place.</p>

<p>I don't think anyone knows the depth of anxiety in a dog's heart. I don't have the money to be free, and I can't do anything when I'm hungry. The trust that I am loved sometimes wavers. Before I know it, I'm thinking about how I could protect my position by being devoted to something.</p>

<p>I should stop living like this, retrieve my paraglider, and return to the ground. I'm not doing any reporting anyway, and I can still turn back into a human now. If I don't, everything I do and think will be tainted by the dog's perspective.</p>

<p>Lately, I've been remembering the time before and after I was hospitalized due to an accident, and when I see the bloodied person being carried in, I can't help but feel déjà vu. Maybe that person is me. Maybe I've already become a dog, and I'm the only one who thinks I'm still human. Maybe the green person who came earlier is actually me.</p>

<p>In reality, they might be able to have the experiences I was supposed to have here. Even in their near-death state, they might be better off than I am now. If I had the same appearance as Plume and the others, I could do proper reporting and write proper articles. All I can write about now are the daily walks, the scents that linger on street corners, and the people I pass by.</p>

<p>I'm a dog, after all.</p>

<p>In the midst of the hustle and bustle, Orange took me for a walk, but I couldn't read the letters on the street corner signs, and I didn't know which flowers on the ground the blooming flowers resembled. However, I could vaguely express sweet, sour, and savory scents.</p>

<p>No matter how much I tell myself that I'm not a dog, I'm a human, in reality, I'm a dog.</p>

<p>After returning from the walk, I placed the stone I picked up there. I pondered whether it was yesterday or the day before yesterday when I placed the third stone in the row of four stones. Can I no longer keep track of days?</p>

<p>When I entered the mansion, Plume hugged me and apologized, saying, “I'm sorry about earlier.” I was genuinely happy about it and licked her outstretched hand. This way, I can survive. Before I knew it, I found myself running my tongue across her skin – her wrist, the inside of her elbow, and her neck. Plume's faint sweetness comforts me.</p>

<p>When I stood the doll up in my box in the stair hall, Plume and Orange were delighted. When I made it sit down with a thud, they laughed again. I didn't understand what was so funny, but their laughter made me happy. So, I stood the doll up and made it sit down again and again, repeating the process several times.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Plume took the newcomer and headed to her room on the second floor. I felt like I was being called too, so I slipped between the newcomer and climbed the stairs. I ran down the hallway, passed Plume, went back, and pulled her hand. When I sat down waiting for her to open the door, Plume patted my head. Upon entering the room, under the row of Plume's costumes in the closet, and opening the drawer, there were the familiar and vibrant fabrics inside.</p>

<p>It was my paraglider, with a gradient from red to bright yellow and a two-tone color of white. Plume pulled it out and spread it on the bed. She spoke to the newcomer, Green Skin, who tentatively touched the fabric.</p>

<p>No, Plume. That's not theirs. It's my paraglider. I jumped onto the bed, buried my face in it, and grabbed the fabric with both hands. It was a model I had been using since my student days, and I had agonized over several catalogs for two weeks.</p>

<p>Plume, I can fly through the sky with this fabric! Afterward, Plume opened the drawer at the bottom of the closet and showed the harness, not to me, but to Green. Both the canopy and harness felt a bit roughly handled, but they were not damaged. I jumped on and tried to blow the emergency whistle attached to the hook, but it was immediately taken away and returned to the drawer.</p>

<p>It's mine, Plume! “I'm sorry, I'll put it away because doggie is being mischievous.” I was frustrated thinking she might say that, but it was better than being left out in public. There's a lock on the closet, but there's a poker in the fireplace. Even if it takes some effort, I can return to the ground with that.</p>

<p>But will it really work? Even if I manage to sneak it out, would I only be caught while untangling the lines, setting up, and then be pulled back as a bad dog?</p>

<p>I like Plume. I don't mind continuing as a dog. I don't even mind staying a dog. But I want to fly in the sky just one more time.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_8">Chapter 8: Floating Continent Report (3)</h3>

<p>Since then, I've been thinking about how to say “IWA-KAN” in English.</p>

<p>——Do you feel... some sort of IWA-KAN?</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">Do you feel... IWA-KAN?</span>”</p>

<p>I wonder how to say it.</p>

<p><span class="JE">Feeling bad?</span></p>

<p>No, it's not bad, maybe strange?</p>

<p>Strange might be close.</p>

<p>Mismatch?</p>

<p><span class="JE">Feeling a mismatch.</span></p>

<p>Definitely not that.</p>

<p>In this way, if I can't translate the word “IWA-KAN” into English, I won't be able to communicate that feeling to people from other countries. Since coming to this continent, I've been gradually getting used to this strange sensation, and it's become normal. We wouldn't be able to exchange words like,</p>

<p>“Don't you feel some kind of IWA-KAN?”</p>

<p>“Yeah, it's full of IWA-KAN.”</p>

<p>Even if I knew the word for “IWA-KAN” in English, “There's some kind of IWA-KAN, right?” I don't think the feeling would be properly conveyed as it is. Even though the feeling of “IWA-KAN” is not unique to me, it may never resonate with someone else in my entire life.</p>

<p>That's kind of...IWA-KAN, isn't it?</p>

<p>The day after or the day after that, when Green arrived, Green went on a rampage in the room. They destroyed the furnishings with the fireplace poker and there were signs that they tried to pry open the door. I had noticed that Plume and the others were treating Green strangely, but apparently, they were not ordinary guests.</p>

<p>At the back of the mansion, the cliff of the terrace was approaching, and there was spring water in the middle of the cliff. The water was led to the washing area through wooden pipes and collected in a small stone-paved pool. After that, it flowed into the Inokashira pond. I named this water Ochanomizu: water for tea in English, which was of such high quality that it could be offered to the Shogun as tea.</p>

<p>I was taken out of bed and bathed with Plume. The water was cold, and I stood on my tiptoes on the wet stone pavement, shivering with my hands folded, but I enjoyed this time. When the small water gate was opened, the collected water flowed away. The water flowed back in some places, returned, and flowed again. Plume showed me by floating leaves on it.</p>

<p>At that washing place, the newcomer Green was cleaned. Green had a smell like a ferret. It was unbearable to contaminate the paradise's water with a foul-smelling detergent made of something like ash mixed with a yellow liquid, but standing beside them while Green was carelessly washed with a deck brush made me feel proud.</p>

<p>Like I once experienced, their nerves were numbed, their gaze darted around, and they resisted the fear of death. Even when the water gate was opened, the filthy foam remained for a while. As the fresh spring water pushed it away, the foam flowed back and returned. The never-disappearing dirty foam spread thinly over the surface of the Inokashira pond, Green's grime.</p>

<p>When Green got on the carriage, their smell struck my nose. It was a smell that seemed to seep from deep within their skin. Both Plume and I covered our noses and coughed from the smell emitted by their sex glands or anal sacs. I didn't know how to open the window, so I could only scratch at the glass like a dog. Eventually, Plume felt sick and opened the window, and I stuck my nose into it as if I had found water from an oasis.</p>

<p>Since then, I've started looking for Green's bad and inferior aspects. In my heart, while writing the article of this journey, I made sure that the readers wouldn't feel any sympathy for Green, affirm our relationship with Plume and the others, and never cause a commotion. There were many small and descriptive writings. Feeling disgusted with my foolishness, I could only find peace by writing like this.</p>

<p>“So, what exactly is this Green?” Although I could hear the reader's voice inside me, I didn't know what kind of existence Green was. They seemed to belong to a different species than Plume and the others, but aside from their body hair and color, their physique was similar. At least, they were much closer to Plume and the others than I was.</p>

<p>When Green was shoved into the trunk and boarded the cabin, the smell of Green from the other day still lingered. Plume hugged me and sniffed my hair. It seemed that I had a “good smell” for Plume. I raised my hand and wrapped it around Plume's neck, tickling and laughing. I brought my mouth close to her neck, filling my chest with Plume and holding her sweet, sweet skin in my mouth. I trailed lines of saliva on her wrists, the inside of her elbows, and her neck.</p>

<p>Entering the forest, the vibrations from the ground became softer. The sound of the wheels was muffled by the grass, stirring up the scent of the forest. The lush trees shimmered in the sunlight.</p>

<p>Plume pointed, and there was a fairy. Sometimes one, sometimes two, they immediately flew away when they noticed us. It was a world of fairy tales. As the carriage approached, the overgrown trees opened the path, and the flowers along the route emitted light.</p>

<p>But Plume, I've been forgetting lately. I don't even remember how many days it's been since I came here. Every day, I tried to remember what happened yesterday. I recalled incidents in a list of 5 or 10 items. But now, I'm not sure if the giant octopus floating in the sky, the humans mating with each other, or Plume opening the light monitor were real. Moreover, only those uncertain memories remain, and I can't remember my first meal or the first walk I took when I came here.</p>

<p>The humans I met in the town must be journalists who lost their pens. Plume, we who have lost our pens become dogs.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Peering out of the carriage window, I saw a massive tree stump. There was a door and windows in the stump, and smoke was wafting behind them. There was something IWA-KAN about that building.</p>

<p>The entrance door was too large for me and a bit too small for Plume and the others. When she rang the doorbell, a slightly smaller Avian than Plume appeared and immediately ushered us inside.</p>

<p>The Avian was dressed modestly, with an abundance of feathers on their face. They looked like an old bird. Their feathers were primarily white with light brown patches. There was another similar Avian in the back and next to them, a young man sitting sideways. I did a double-take; there was a human young man.</p>

<p>Unlike me, the young man's upper body was bare, with skin slightly more radiant than mine. His amber hair fell in gentle waves to his chest, and it was so neatly brushed that I would have mistaken him for a girl if I had seen him from behind. I couldn't tell his age – he could be a college freshman or a bit older. He was slightly smaller than me, and he looked like a boy.</p>

<p>He had gentle, calm eyes, rosy lips, and refined facial features. His delicate yet soft body, the hollow of his collarbone, and the faintly visible ribs beneath were alluring. His areolas were a faded red, and the shadow of his midline and the soft lines of his abdominal muscles descended toward his lower abdomen.</p>

<p>He raised his hand slightly and said, “<span class="JE">Hi</span>” in a somewhat English-sounding way, but he timidly hid behind the shadow of the sofa. He crawled away on all fours, his movements unmistakably human. He wore white shorts and was barefoot.</p>

<p>As I couldn't take my eyes off the sofa where he hid, one of the residents picked him up and sat down with him on the sofa, putting a T-shirt over his head. The resident pulled his hands through the shirt sleeves and pulled his hair out of the shirt. All the while, he just let it happen.</p>

<p>I couldn't read his expression. It didn't seem like he was wary of me, but he wasn't smiling either.</p>

<p>I could see fine hair on his upper arms and thighs, and if I only looked at that part, I couldn't tell him apart from a woman. Seeing him in a T-shirt made my heart flutter. I suddenly realized I was starving for human touch. I was glad I knew he was a man at first glance. Otherwise, I might have said, “Let's run away from here together,” and held his hand.</p>

<p>Still, I wondered how he got here.</p>

<p>I didn't know how he perceived his situation. If he had adapted to this environment even more than I had, he might already be a dog. I, too, am embarrassed to admit that I'm almost a dog. I can maintain my human thoughts for now, but I don't have the confidence to continue doing so if this environment persists for another week. Somehow, I thought that would be fine. Since my life was spared, all that matters is surviving. So if he came here a week before me, it wouldn't be surprising if he had already lost his human heart.</p>

<p>As I was thinking this, he offered me a piece of cookie.</p>

<p>He must have been told by the smaller Avian across from him to pass it to me.</p>

<p>Maybe he can understand their language.</p>

<p>I take the cookie and as he tries to leave, I call out to him and grab his hand. He turns around. I don't know what to say.</p>

<p>It used to be easier to make friends with boys when I was in elementary school, but somehow I've forgotten how to interact with men. If it were a woman, I could ask her out on a date or make plans to go drinking. I have no reason to talk to an unknown man. Well, I haven't had any opportunities to talk to an unknown woman in a long time either. I don't know what to do with the hand that stopped him.</p>

<p>Where are you from? What are you doing here? What kind of life are you living here?</p>

<p>He doesn't seem too cautious about me. I get closer... and then what should I do?</p>

<p>“Do you speak Japanese?”</p>

<p>He looks puzzled, so I continue.</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">Can you speak english?</span>”</p>

<p>I used to be good at English in high school. In college, I found out that there were native speakers around me, and I stopped being able to speak. I can't speak the French I was supposed to have learned in general education. The girl who trained with me as an expert pilot in Asagiri spoke Russian. I often teamed up with Malaysians in online games. Why can I only speak Japanese fluently?</p>

<p>“What language can you speak?”</p>

<p>There's no point in asking him in Japanese; I won't get an answer. But what else can I do? I catch a faint scent of baby powder on the nape of his neck. He smiles at me and starts touching my body when he sees my confusion. But this feeling is different. This touch feels like a girl's, no matter how I think about it.</p>

<p>The familiar human skin, human warmth, human hair, and human breath – they all feel like a girl's. The slightly moist lips, the dark-colored eyes, as if we would melt into each other when I hold him. Touching anywhere feels completely different from when I was with Plume. That sensation races down my spine to my tailbone. But that's not it. Even if he were a girl, that's not what I'm thinking about right now.</p>

<p>I have a vague anxiety about what's happening on this Earth and how humans are being treated. Faced with the fate of humanity, why are my thoughts constantly dragged to the physical?</p>

<p>I have to communicate.</p>

<p>I pull my ear and say, “<span class="JE">Ear,</span>” then point to my nose and say, “<span class="JE">Nose.</span>”</p>

<p>And in your language? I point at him.</p>

<p>His cheek with a bit of fine hair, the thighs that seem to stick to my palm, the soft calves, and the curled toes. I don't care anymore, whether he's a man or a woman. I want to hold him close and feel our skin touch. I shake off that thought, close my eyes tightly, open them again, and once more,</p>

<p>I pull my ear and say, “<span class="JE">Ear,</span>” then point to my nose and say, “<span class="JE">Nose.</span>”</p>

<p>In your language?</p>

<p>I want him to speak something that resembles a language, any language, so I can believe that if I choose the right words, we can understand each other. Otherwise, my reason will lose to the desire for his soft, downy skin. He takes my hand, touches it to his ear, and then presses it to his nose.</p>

<p>His reaction is incomprehensible, but the softness and warmth of his skin are undeniable. He licks my wrist and then trails his lips along my arm, licking the inside of my elbow, just as I do to the Plumes. He leans in and licks my neck, holding me close.</p>

<p>This is not human-to-human contact. You usually do this to Avians, don't you? You just think the inside of my elbow might taste sweet, so you're licking it, right?</p>

<p>He wraps his hand around my neck, draws his body closer, and tries to sit on my lap. The soft skin, unlike any Plume's, touches me through our clothes. Maybe it's not so bad to become a pet in this place with him as my partner... that thought starts to feel like the answer. But even if we're fine with being a pair, would our owner accept two males?</p>

<p>Before I know it, the young man is nestled against me, his body melting into mine. He nips at my skin, sniffs my scent, and buries his face in me. He tries to smell my groin, but that's where I draw the line. That's too much like a dog, regardless of whether he's male or female. I thought I wouldn't be able to control myself if he were a woman, but even now, knowing he's a man, I'm not confident in my restraint. I've been craving this skin all along, and I'm sure he has too. Gender doesn't matter when it comes to touching skin.</p>

<p>With men, I usually only talk about work, but there's no work here, no alcohol, and no games. So, there's not much difference in what we can do, whether our partner is a man or a woman. I flip him onto his back on the floor, lean over him, and gently bite his neck. If this is the only way we can communicate, then so be it.</p>

<p>What touches my lips is human skin. As his knee brushes against my underwear-covered part, I can feel the dampness seeping through. He tries to lick my face as well. While licking his neck, I pretend to hold down his legs that are squirming from being tickled, and slowly move my hand towards his groin.</p>

<p>What am I doing? I wasn't supposed to fall in love.</p>

<p>“Please don't tell anyone about today, okay?” I nod. I suddenly remember my first night with loved one.</p>

<p>“If you finds someone else you like, tell me that. I'll tell you too.” I was puzzled by her sudden statement and thought about its meaning for a long time. We never ended up reporting our new loves to each other, but I'm sorry. Maybe it's time for me to move on to the next step.</p>

<p>“Yeah, I'll support your new love, Ken-kun.” But is this really love? We've just met, and our skin is touching. It's only our accumulated desires attracting each other. I wonder if that's what love is. Maybe the fact that I've never been so unsure of my own emotions is what makes love, love.</p>

<p>Our skin is sucked into each other's and our soft cheeks touch.</p>

<p>He runs his tongue along my neck.</p>

<p>My fingers follow the thin striations that rise up from my thighs to my groin, where we can feel more and more of each other. My middle finger along the skin reaches the bottom of his lower abdomen.</p>

<p>But it's not there as it should be.</p>

<p>A girl?</p>

<p>Wait.</p>

<p>I try again to make contact with his body, but there are no breasts.</p>

<p>His face shows that he is not a little girl.</p>

<p>I'm confused, so I pull my body away from him, and he or she jumps into my chest and starts licking around my mouth.</p>

<p>I run my hands over his back again, check his physique, and then continue to run my hands over his chest and down to his lower abdomen.</p>

<p>An angel?</p>

<p>No, that's not it. She's a minor. She just looked like a young man, but she's actually a girl. I'm doing something wrong. The expression on her face, which had always been supportive inside my heart, turns to disdain.</p>

<p>No! I really thought it was a young man!</p>

<p>“Ken-kun!”</p>

<p>Plume is calling. She's calling, but now is not the time.</p>

<p>“If you keep flirting like this, we're going to leave you behind!”</p>

<p>Wait a minute, are we leaving already? What did we come here for? Who is this girl?</p>

<p>As I try to figure things out, a small Avian picks her up. She is placed on the Avian's lap and starts licking the inside of her elbow.</p>

<p>What about me? What should I do?</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Upon leaving the tree stump house, we transferred to an old carriage. The suspension was poor, and it rattled and shook.</p>

<p>As time passed, my feelings of regret grew stronger. I felt as if I had known all along that she was a girl and had deliberately turned a blind eye to her youthfulness. I let that belief guide me as I played with her chest and reached out to her crotch. It must have been my pent-up physical desires and something rejecting them that battled and showed me the illusion.</p>

<p>Somehow, I felt that when I returned to the surface, I had to take that girl with me. But I couldn't tell if that came from a humanitarian feeling or a carnal desire.</p>

<p>Plume and Orange started to sing. They sang in a mysterious voice that made me wonder where it came from, creating a complex harmony that seemed impossible for just the two of them. Green was tied with a rope, chasing after the carriage as it ran. In the bird world, they say that males are flashy and sing while females are plain and don't sing much. Perhaps Plume and Orange are males, and Green is a female.</p>

<p>Plume urged me to sing as well.</p>

<p>I can't. I can't produce a flute-like voice like that. But when I tried to sing anyway, Plume and Orange layered their sounds over mine. As I sang again, they added more different sounds. Although it was just the two of them layering their voices over mine, a very complex harmony was born. Unheard scales. Complex chords. A melody like the wind.</p>

<p>Hearing the birds' voices, I saw the shadows of small birds darting through the treetops as I looked up. Plume also looked up at the sky, pointing to the shadows. It seemed as if the birds were responding to their singing. My feelings were being cleansed. But there's no reason to believe that what remains after the cleansing is my true feelings. I'm filled with anxiety and loneliness, feeling as if I myself am being washed away and left with nothing. Tears spill without meaning. I'm going to disappear. It would be better if I did.</p>

<p>After a while, we passed through a tunnel carved from a rotting tree, and on the other side was a forest of mushrooms. Deep within it, we arrived at a house made of an enormous mushroom.</p>

<p>To be honest, I didn't notice the scenery until I suddenly found myself in a fairytale world. These mushrooms weren't like the concrete ones found in amusement parks; they had the genuine texture of real mushrooms. The gills beneath the caps appeared to be filled with spores, yet there were proper windows and doors. The small, branching mushrooms served as mailboxes, also made of mushroom material.</p>

<p>A small Avian accompanied us, possibly the one who guided us here. There were two elderly birds at the tree stump house, and the one with more feathers might have been their grandparents. If so, the bird with feathers covering its face was probably the grandfather.</p>

<p>Plume spoke with him, and while standing in front of the door, she made a light panel appear on the back of her hand. It seemed like magic for a moment, but it probably wasn't. While they live a simple life, their lifestyle is supported by technology beyond our understanding.</p>

<p>I missed how she did it, but it looked like she touched the back of her hand. As I watched, a mushroom grew from it. As soon as I started seriously contemplating it, I was left behind. Plume manipulated the mushroom on her hand, and once she finished, the door opened.</p>

<p>Upon entering the interior, everything was impeccably mushroom-themed. The inside resembled a mushroom that had grown too much and naturally hollowed out, complete with a fireplace, small shelves, a table, chairs, and lanterns. In front of the fireplace were what appeared to be woodworking tools. I suddenly noticed that Green and Orange were missing; for some reason, they seemed to be waiting outside.</p>

<p>The elderly bird entered a small door leading to a hole in the back, followed by Plume and me. It was a fantastical world reminiscent of a video game. Dirt holes, earthen walls, exposed tree roots, a simple unicycle discarded, and fruits and vegetables scattered about. I couldn't tell if it was real or fake.</p>

<p>There was a fork in the path with signs indicating the destinations. Of course, I couldn't read them, but I followed the old bird to the right path. The slightly downhill path turned into stairs, with stalactites, puddles, and a colony of bats on the ceiling. Gradually, it grew darker, with specks of light darting like fireflies, and thorny vines blocking the way further in.</p>

<p>The elderly bird made a mushroom appear on the back of his hand. As he operated it, the fireflies gathered to form a ring of light. The ring spun, scattering sparks and advancing towards the wall of thorns. Each vine that touched the ring turned into light, releasing heat and producing a sound. As the sounds layered on top of each other, they formed a magnificent harmony. Eventually, the thorns disappeared, opening the way to a space filled with light.</p>

<p>What on earth is this?</p>

<p>The inside is a natural cave, with moss attached to the walls emitting light. A huge turtle sleeps in a shallow pool, and on its back, colorful mushrooms of various shapes and sizes grow.</p>

<p>Is this what they wanted to show me?</p>

<p>The turtle opens its eyes, turns its head towards us, and ripples form on the surface of the water at our feet. The old bird speaks to the turtle, and Plume exchanges words with it constantly.</p>

<p>Then, the next moment, the turtle disappears and transforms into a massive double-hulled flying vehicle, reminiscent of the one I was shown flying around Los Angeles. I suddenly notice that the rocky wall behind us has disappeared as well. Could this be projection mapping? In that case, were the passageway, the mushrooms, and the stump all illusions too?</p>

<p>If so, then their level of scientific and technological expertise is on par with ours, or rather, considering the movement of this flying object, there's no way it's the same. I can't help but think it's quite advanced. So, what about the carriage earlier? What about the strange mustiness of Plume's mansion? Were those all fake too?</p>

<p>The old bird operates the mushroom on the back of his hand, and the flying vehicle turns back into a turtle. The turtle yawns and retracts its head slightly.</p>

<p>Are all of these things fake? I don't know what values they hold, but it seems that this is their culture. How much of what I saw was real? Could I really break that closet if I hit it with a poker? The girl I met at the stump house... Well, there was certainly warmth and the sensation of touch in her, but can I really trust that?</p>

<p>The old bird and Plume quickly head for another location. I follow them, making sure I don't fall behind. We return to the fork in the path and head in the opposite direction, where there is a massive wooden door. I wonder if this is real or not. The old bird appears to be infusing energy into a magical mirror. I no longer know how to understand what is happening. A magical circle-like pattern emerges on the door, and it opens as if solving a complex gimmick. After talking with Plume, the old bird goes through the door. I follow immediately.</p>

<p>In the next moment, the old bird and I were inside a dome of light.</p>

<p>It seems we left Plume behind.</p>

<p>I think I should tell the old bird, but he's already sitting in a chair, operating panels. As he operates the panels, he merely emits sounds with his mouth, and the panels are displayed one after another. I have no idea what he's doing.</p>

<p>Among the countless panels being displayed, one of them shows the scene when I parachuted down. I wonder where it was filmed from. When the old bird speaks, the video freezes on one frame, and as the camera approaches in sync with a whistle-like sound, it rotates around me with the parachute on my back, capturing a close-up of my face.</p>

<p>It felt as if he said, “Ho.”</p>

<p>The old bird glances at my face and displays numerous panels in front of him. He selects and enlarges several videos with me in them. In those videos, I'm landing on this continent, triggering a lightning trap, camping out, and taking off with a paraglider. He then calls up another video, showing the Cessna plane with me aboard and a boat waiting offshore.</p>

<p>The old bird turns his chair towards me, embraces me, and strokes my head. He sits me on his lap and tries to talk to me, but I don't understand. It seems like he's trying to comfort me, sensing my anxiety.</p>

<p>A scene of me fleeing from the wolf and being saved by Plume, followed by Plume recovering the paraglider and harness. Next, a man in dirty clothes walks—likely Green. The video rewinds to a scene where Green and his companions walk at the edge of the floating continent.</p>

<p>I see. He had companions.</p>

<p>The old bird brings the camera close to Green and his group, just as he did with me, to check their equipment. Green carries a large knife on his belt. He doesn't seem to have it now, but I wonder if Plume knows about this information.</p>

<p>All the images disappear. Next, various types of characters are displayed, and they are simultaneously read aloud. I hear the Japanese phrase “こんにちは” and reflexively respond, “That's it!”</p>

<p>A sound resembling “Ho” escapes the old bird's throat.</p>

<p>Various Japanese sources appear on the all-sky monitor. Am I supposed to read these? No, even I can't handle this amount. Just as I thought that, the old bird seems to be reading them. Can he read it? No, it just appears that way.</p>

<p>As I was thinking that, the old bird puts on a headset made from a cracked nut and slowly starts speaking.</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">Do you understand my words?</span>”</p>

<p>The mysterious old man, resembling a bird, is speaking Japanese.</p>

<p>“Yes.”</p>

<p>It's the first contact with an intelligent lifeform. Time has passed since I arrived here, and I'm not unaware of my current situation. Yet, I still can't understand anything.</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">There are circumstances, so I cannot speak much. Listen carefully.</span>”</p>

<p>It seems that he's translating in real time through the headset.</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">I will entrust your belongings to Frare.</span>”</p>

<p>Frare? Who is Frare?</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">The one with pink wings who was with you. She's playing the role of my granddaughter.</span>”</p>

<p>So, it's Plume. She's called Frare. But what does he mean by playing the role? Isn't she his real granddaughter?</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">I cannot protect you.</span>”</p>

<p>He can't protect me...? What does that mean...?</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">You are owned by Frare. She can protect you.</span>”</p>

<p>“What do you mean by protect?”</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">If I speak any further, logs will be sent. This is the end.</span>”</p>

<p>Logs will be sent? Are we being monitored? I don't understand. I don't understand, but Frare is Plume, right? Will Plume protect me?</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_9">Chapter 9: Floating Continent Report (4)</h3>

<p>I was treated like a dog on that continent. But somehow, I started to feel that it's okay to be treated like that... A dog's job is to be “cute.” As long as I am “cute,” I am loved. So I had to do my best to be “cute,” so that my owner would love me. Before I knew it, I became desperate, felt jealous of newcomers, fell in love with a dog from another household, and questioned who I liked more, the dog or the owner.</p>

<p>I thought the difference between humans and animals was the ability to “think,” but now I'm thinking like a dog. I'm thinking, thinking, and trying to become more of a dog. I'm thinking as a dog so much that it makes me wonder if humans really are “thinking reeds.”</p>

<p>Being a dog is easy. There's no free time or money, but I get to live. On the contrary, I start to think it's stupid to want to return to the ground and take risks by my own will, and why not just be a dog, pair up with another dog from another household, and raise a family.</p>

<p>But somehow, I feel like I have to return to being a human. Why do I want to go back? I don't know that. I don't think there's such a grand reason. It's just that if I return to being human, I can talk. Even about what's happening now. Whether it's a funny story or a scary one. I can talk. Just that. I want to become human again just for that reason.</p>

<p>It doesn't matter what's beyond the conversation. I want to tell you about this someday. Just talking is enough, I want to talk. I want to talk about talking. With you. Just by talking, humans can become humans.</p>

<p>When I wake up, Plume is next to me, breathing softly in her sleep.</p>

<p>My kind owner.</p>

<p>Plume's open feathered skin was soft, and when I stroked back the open feathers, a lustrous exhalation escaped. While Plume was sleeping, I ran my fingers here and there. Every time a little voice escaped her throat, my heartbeat shook me. How am I supposed to deal with the animal that is my body?</p>

<p>On that day, I was taken to the bathroom even though I did not say so, and I thought, “Oh, I have to go a little far today, too,” and got my butt washed, and now I am sitting in the cabin of a horse-drawn carriage. I would like to write about the process of having my bottom washed and how it came to be washed in my memoirs when all is said and done.</p>

<p>Sometimes I think about how long it's been since I've lived a human-like life, but on the other hand, I've come to think about it only occasionally.</p>

<p>“You've really become a dog, Terui-kun,”</p>

<p>recently, even Takayama-san seems to see me as a dog through his eyes.</p>

<p>One recent change is that I've started to develop a slight rash on my body. Strangely, since coming here, I haven't been bitten by insects, but I think the food with the bug-like substance in it doesn't agree with me. Either way, I probably don't have much time left.</p>

<p>When the carriage started moving, I asked Orange to let me ride on the coachman's seat with Plume. Having Orange pass me to Plume felt like being acknowledged by Plume's best friend, and I was proud.</p>

<p>Plume tries to cradle me like a baby, but I stubbornly face forward like a mischievous 12-year-old boy, catch the wind, and look, if I wrap both my hands around Plume's upper arms like this, it feels like I'm controlling a paraglider.</p>

<p>The day I first flew in the sky. Ever since then, I've been obsessed with the sky.</p>

<p>When I find a thermal, I ride on its updraft and spiral upward, gaining altitude. Probably, Plume and I are now in a time of finding thermals and increasing altitude. But soon, we lose sight of that thermal. It's something we've experienced time and time again. As we circle around, observing the terrain and feeling the flow of the wind, we anticipate the next thermal.</p>

<p>I had always wanted to take a journey of over 100 kilometers someday. However, no matter how many thermals I find and ride, eventually, I'll have to land on the ground. It's a feeling similar to being stuck in a bottomless swamp, slowly sinking, knowing that there will be an end someday, yet scraping away at the remaining time with a knife to light the flame of hope.</p>

<p>Embracing such deep emotions and leaning so closely against each other, yet we have always remained platonic, and just beyond that, we can see the end approaching. But I don't want it to end like that.</p>

<p>After running for a while, the carriage veered off the main road and entered a narrow path through the grasslands.</p>

<p>There was a large tree, sparsely scattered shrubs in the grasslands, a shimmer of water visible between the thickets beyond, and the slopes of a mountain rising in the background. Plume and the others showed Green a piece of paper with a mysterious pattern drawn on it, and while Green was hypnotized, they put a collar on her. I don't know what the pattern means, but Green always stares at it intently, so I try not to look at it.</p>

<p>When Plume and Orange connect the green to the tree, they take off each other's shirts and undress me.</p>

<p>We start running, pass through the gap in the thicket, cross the stone-paved riverbank beyond, and dive into the river. I follow, stumbling on the rocks at my feet. For the first time, I see Orange spread her feathers. Like pigeons bathing in Inokashira Park, white sebum flows downstream. Come to think of it, Orange only used to wash her hair when bathing together, and she was so dirty. As I approach, puzzled, Plume catches me and throws me into the deep water.</p>

<p>The water is cold but refreshing. I swim over to them with a sidestroke. Plume gently washes the sebum off Orange's body as if tickling her.</p>

<p>Eventually, the two of them become so absorbed that they no longer notice me, and I climb onto the shore by myself, watching the two birds frolicking as they bathe.</p>

<p>At night, we sleep in the tent, Orange, me, and Plume side by side. Plume's feathers are open, and her large feathers are as big as my palm. There is just enough space for me to slip into her overstuffed nightgown. Someday, I want to go in there. Someday.</p>

<p>In the middle of the night, I suddenly wake up to find Orange gazing at a panel of light opened in the air. Come to think of it, I've never seen Orange sleep. Wondering if she sleeps with her feathers spread out like Plume, she notices that I'm awake.</p>

<p>Orange grins, and just when I thought she was going to play a prank on me, she starts playing music. It's not a simple tune like the one Plume once played for me on a gramophone; it's a fantastic melody with various sounds mixed in. Proper stereo. No, not just stereo, but sounds coming from front, back, left, and right. Moreover, the position of the sound doesn't change even if I move my head. It might be resonating directly in my brain.</p>

<p>Orange seems to be operating the panel in the air with her gaze. The images change, and one of them is probably highlighted along her line of sight. She takes one of those images out.</p>

<p>Takes it out?</p>

<p>It becomes fixed in the air like a holographic image. A trio of women are singing. It's the visual for the song currently playing in my head. The next moment, the image spreads throughout the surroundings, and I lose the sense of my own weight as if I'm floating in midair. Whether my eyes are open or closed, I see the same image. I'm at the center of it, but my figure isn't there, nor is the gravity acting on me. It's as if all my nerves have been physically disconnected from my body and connected to a different device, so much so that I can't even tell in what position I am lying down right now.</p>

<p>In that image, Orange appears. I can't tell if it's real or part of the image, but Orange opens many images of Plume and shows them to me. Plume dressed in glamorous clothes in a city of skyscrapers, wearing formal attire while stepping up to a podium. Plume in a large office, walking through a park, singing on an outdoor stage – various Plumes are visible. Each of them is a video, and I can hear the sounds too. I can move the camera with my will, and it feels as if I'm inside the images, with the touch of the wind, the spray of water, and the scent of grass all reaching me.</p>

<p>It's more real than reality itself, but when I try to focus on something, it quickly vanishes and I'm brought back to reality. If I blur the focus of my consciousness, I can return there, but the image is now more faded than before. It seems that I'm about to fall asleep. The sceneries Orange shows me overlap with my dreams. Plume becomes one with my dreams and infiltrates my consciousness.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The car comes to a stop, the sound of the turn signal ticking quietly. As the dome light comes on, I place the prepared money on the seat and exit the car, practically rolling out, and then dash up the stairs. An unfamiliar apartment that resembles my senior's place. I reach the room at the end of the hallway, and find the door has a stopper, left ajar for me to enter. As I open the door, feelings of anxiety, regret, and uneasiness swell within my chest. I recall the manuscript I had ordered. My inability to make contact and the fact that I had come here for some important matter.</p>

<p>Upon entering the room, I smell the scent of Plume. The aroma of perfume and the hidden scent of sweat permeate the walls, making the room sweet, and the scent trails like blood stains towards the bathroom. Without looking into other rooms, I hurry to the bathroom, where I notice the smell of water. As I open the door, I see the shower left running and Plume lying atop her vomit. I rush to her, lift her up and call her name, but there is no response. Her wrists are also cold with no pulse. I immediately assume it is suicide.</p>

<p>“Why?” I swallowed the words as they were about to come out and asked instead, “What happened?” I shook her cold shoulders and repeated the question over and over. I felt that asking “Why?” would corner her, so I kept repeating, “What happened? What made you end up like this?”</p>

<p>Plume, I got a tandem license. With this, we can fly together. We can rent a tandem glider, and after we've flown a few times, I can help you choose your own. We're going to fly together, Plume. You can quit this job. Let's go wherever you want, whether it's Aso, Amami, or even abroad. So, Plume, please wake up.</p>

<p>I kept calling out to her, repeating it over and over, and finally woke up crying. Then, I remembered that Orange had shown me a strange hallucination before I fell asleep. I tried to figure out which part was the hallucination that Orange showed me and which part was my dream, but I couldn't tell.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next morning, clouds were drifting by. At an altitude close to 2,000 meters, the clouds passed just above our shoulders. As they grazed the ground, they rolled and flowed over small puddles. Plume and Orange, like little children, frolicked as they chased the clouds. Though I should be used to the altitude in the mountains, I was still puzzled by the gravity as I woke up. Adjusting my blurry focus with the screw between my eyebrows, I followed the two birds. When I was a child, I thought clouds were far away. However, it turns out they were just about 1,500 meters up. It was just a matter of running around a high school track for 5 minutes and 30 seconds, gasping for breath.</p>

<p>Just then, I saw an F-16 fighter jet in the sky above.</p>

<p>It was probably an American military aircraft. I had no idea how it could have infiltrated this far. I couldn't tell whether it was here for reconnaissance or was carrying some sort of weaponry with my limited knowledge. Unconsciously, I waved my hand and shouted loudly, “I'm here, I'm here!” Without considering that it was impossible for them to see or hear me, my body was moving, and before I realized it was futile, the fighter jet was shot down. From here, I couldn't see if the pilot had ejected. The military senior once told me that the US military had unmanned aircraft, so it could have been one of those.</p>

<p>The air was thin here, and just shouting left me gasping for breath. The slightly damp air stole my body heat and turned into droplets of moisture.</p>

<p>Following the intrusion of the fighter jet, things suddenly became hectic. The military vehicle seen at the compound the other day and two large trucks arrived and parked next to the horse carriage. The military vehicle still made its usual roaring engine noise, but the large trucks had no visible tires, and their bodies seemed to float slightly above the ground. I couldn't understand the principle behind their levitation.</p>

<p>From the engine vehicle, something resembling an Earth medium-wave radio was playing. I initially wondered if there were any radio stations playing music during such an emergency, but after listening to several songs, I thought that maybe it was precisely because of these times that they played music.</p>

<p>Plume exchanged a few words with the soldiers who got out of the vehicles and was then loaded onto the military truck. From the outside, the military truck looked like a box made of white resin or metal, but from the inside, it was almost possible to see the entire exterior. Whether it was something like a two-way mirror or a full-sky monitor, I couldn't tell, but the truck sped through the wilderness at an incredible speed, not even stopping for forests or large rivers along the way.</p>

<p>Anxiety and excitement shared the same color. For a while, I tried to sort out the emotions sprouting in my chest, but eventually, it didn't matter anymore. The scenery rushed by at a speed I had never experienced before. I didn't want to tuck away this experience into my heart by giving it ordinary names like anxiety or excitement.</p>

<p>After a while, We were let out of the vehicle and noticed a city in front of us. Gentle hills and grasslands stretched out up to the city, which appeared as if it were a ship floating on the grasslands. Just like when descending from Sotobori-dori to Akasaka-Mitsuke, a city suddenly appeared in a cluster. The soft undulations of the roads remaining in Shinjuku and Yotsuya made me think they were remnants of the landscape from a hundred years ago. This town reminded me of that. The ridgeline of the mountain reached its shoulders, and a winding stream created a gentle valley. There were no fields nearby, and the scent of human life was absent when slightly away from it.</p>

<p>The buildings in the town were modern, with tall buildings further back, but the ones closer to the foreground were two or three stories high. At the entrance to the city, Plume stood in front of me with a collar in her hand. Green had been without a collar since earlier, and I thought she might put it on him again, but that wasn't the case. Plume said something and reached out her hand in front of me. When I licked her hand, she seemed to think I would behave. This thought saddened me. However, remembering the dream I saw this morning, I didn't want to make her feel any pain or sadness, so I licked the hand she offered. I won't go against her. I want nothing more than her happiness.</p>

<p>When she finished putting the collar on, she took off my clothes. No ribbons, no shoes, no pants. She held me close and rubbed my back, as if it were a task, and immediately, without any particular sexual awareness. Even though we were close to the equator, the temperature was probably below twenty degrees. I was shivering a little and she hugged me tightly. After that, Plume placed a seal on my navel. She held both ends of the sticker with her fingers and smiled awkwardly.<br/>
Green's collar was removed, and he was dressed and walked around normally. As for me, I am not completely naked. Because I have a sticker on my navel. But that's all. I wasn't embarrassed anymore, no matter what she made me wear, but I didn't want to be different from Green. Moreover, I had no idea who this rivalry was.</p>

<p>The town had a distinct smell of everyday life. The buildings were made of stone or perhaps had steel frames with exterior materials giving them a finished appearance. The doors were made of iron or wood, and many were geometrically designed to match the lines of the surrounding walls and columns. The place had a decadent atmosphere with trash scattered about, and there were quite a few people crouching or lying down in the area. There was a lot of graffiti on the walls, and objects and streetlights were often vandalized. However, perhaps this was also a kind of fashion. It was reminiscent of a slightly decaying European townscape. It was hard to determine what was fake and what was real. Amidst it all, a small rainbow created by a tiny fountain provided a refreshing touch.</p>

<p>Upon entering the town, I immediately saw a person chained up like me—completely naked, wearing a collar, and being led by someone. Various people—or rather, Avians—were walking around with humans of different ethnicities in tow. It was a sight I had seen near the mansion before, but the grotesqueness of it all struck me anew, filling my chest with heaviness.</p>

<p>It has only been about a month since this continent appeared on earth. And yet, only the culture of keeping humans as pets has taken hold. Either I have a strange sense of time, or Avian has been kidnapping earthlings and making them pets for a long time.</p>

<p>Some humans are locked in cages and screaming wretchedly. Piled haphazardly in front of the store. When I heard their voices, I suddenly thought they were for meat. Before I knew it I was clutching the sleeve of Plume's dress. The heavy smell of meat wafted through the air, and I felt nauseous because it smelled like human flesh. Plume must have noticed this, because she picked me up and gave me a hug.</p>

<p>It was not only humans who were stripped naked. I also saw a green-skinned woman, completely naked and shaved, being forced to walk around with a placard-like object in front of her stomach. She had a chain around her neck, and people cheered or shouted when he walked by.</p>

<p>Plume and Orange sometimes exchange words, but I can't understand them. Green seems to be scared. Occasionally, he makes suspicious movements, only to be restrained by Orange. We trot through the city and eventually reach a street filled with traffic.</p>

<p>While I spot some vehicles without tires here and there, the overall scene doesn't resemble the futuristic societies I've seen in movies. The occasional tireless vehicles that pass by kick up clouds of dust. They simply float due to air pressure. It's possible that they don't have the technology to create an anti-gravity lift system. I wonder how many years ahead their scientific prowess is compared to humans. I had always thought that in a hundred or two hundred years, anti-gravity would become commonplace.</p>

<p>Soon, I saw a huge steel-framed building. It looked like a Gothic church or the tall skeleton of a dragon. I didn't know where I was being taken. While being held by Plume, I repeated to myself, “I am loved.” Lately, I've been obsessed with only protecting my life and surviving. But what does that really mean? Even on boring nights when there's nothing to do, it's still much better than being dead.</p>

<p>Afterwards, we entered a mysterious shop with strange patterns painted all over the walls. There was the pungent smell of chemicals or strong spices, and at the same time, an animal odor, as if the walls were covered in concentrated sweat. A showcase is decorated with a stuffed female hand.</p>

<p>Upstairs, a man is lying on a low bed with a blanket over him, panting in pain. He is probably a greenskin child.</p>

<p>“I'm sorry, Terui-Kun. This girl won't be saved now.”</p>

<p>Out of nowhere, I heard Mr. Takayama's voice.</p>

<p>“She won't survive? Why do you say she won't?”</p>

<p>“She must have contracted some unknown contagious disease or something when she came to Earth.”</p>

<p>If so, I am a pathogen.</p>

<p>Then why was I brought here? The girl lying on the bed extends her hand to me. Before her hand touches me, another one beside her, sitting stops her. This one seemed to be a doctor.</p>

<p>What were we doing here? Were it to castrate me? Or handing over Green, the agent? Or to kill? Whose?</p>

<p>Hours pass silently with nothing but anxiety, like waiting for the death of an ailing greenskin. The doctor looks at the monitor displayed in the air, unaided, even when the patient's wheezing is sometimes interrupted. A small ventilator fan churns out the humidity created by the exhalations.</p>

<p>I did not know what was happening there.</p>

<p>Green stayed behind in the shop, mesmerized by the patterns on the walls, while Plume, Orange, and I left the shop. I was glad to be free from that smell, but my anxiety was even greater. Was he sold, abandoned, or left behind for anal sac surgery? However, Green reappeared as soon as we returned to the carriage.</p>

<p>Today might have been a date for Plume and Orange. The idea that Green was a secret agent was just my imagination.</p>

<p>“Here, all pets are basically naked.”</p>

<p>“Right? Wearing clothes would be so uncool.”</p>

<p>They took me around naked in a sort of flirtatious way. The date ended, and Plume dressed me. For some reason, she was crying. I didn't understand why.</p>

<p>Why was she crying?</p>

<p>Why?</p>

<p>No, what's making you cry?</p>

<p>There must be a reason.</p>

<p>Only Plume's tears did not match the imaginary world I had created in my mind since coming to this town. I must be making a significant misunderstanding. I won't understand the reason for Plume's tears unless I reassemble my thoughts from scratch.</p>

<p>I wiped Plume's tears with my finger. Since she still wouldn't look at me, I licked her cheek. There's no need for her to shed tears like that. Even if I don't understand the words, I'll quickly comprehend everything. I'll understand and definitely help. Feeling like I'd become a hero, I put on my pants while calling out to her in my heart.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Upon boarding the carriage, Plume and Green sat facing each other, and I sat at their feet. Green still smelled like a ferret. Plume stroked my head, but I was always concerned about Green. Jealousy swirled in my heart. Plume hates your smell. What Plume likes is my scent.</p>

<p>I intended to figure out Green's true identity during the return trip, but the carriage passed through a mysterious, fluffy tunnel and arrived at the mansion in an instant. I wasn't surprised at this point, but my plan was thwarted. Green seemed puzzled by the mysterious tunnel as well. It appears Green is not very familiar with their culture.</p>

<p>As I got off the carriage, Green's leg brushed against my shoulder as I was squatting. It was a hard, gritty sensation, neither a leg nor a boot. When I instinctively reached out, I could feel Green was carrying something inside the hem of their pants. Green dodged my touch and kept me at a distance. Something was definitely off.</p>

<p>Plume and I returned to the room. She seemed tired and fell asleep shortly after talking to me for a bit. She was shedding tears before falling asleep. For some reason, I remembered the dream Orange had shown me. As I licked the tears on her cheek, the sadness became unbearable, and I pressed my cheek against hers. My tears fell onto Plume's cheek, making it difficult to understand what was happening. I wiped the tears on her cheek with my finger, wanting to kiss her, and she opened her eyes slightly, smiled, and then fell asleep, hugging me tightly. Plume's feathers fluffed up, and her scent spilled from within. I wanted to be buried in this forever.</p>

<p>I covered her with a blanket, searched for embers in the extinguished fireplace, and when the fire was sufficiently restored, I pointed the soles of my feet toward it and leaned my body against the side of the sofa.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The door opened. Expecting a knock if it were someone from the mansion, I looked at the door and saw Green. I immediately realized it was an emergency and grabbed the fire poker. Though it might be a household tool for them, it felt heavy in my hand. The handle was made of iron, with a hooked end and a sturdy build.</p>

<p>I still didn't know what Green was plotting, but as they kicked the doorstop and closed the door with their hands behind their back, I yelled loudly,</p>

<p>“Plume, wake up! Green is up to something!”</p>

<p>Waiting for them to close the door was a mistake. Plume woke up and slowly sat up. “Plume!” I repeated.</p>

<p>The sound of military vehicle engines echoed outside. I didn't know what was happening, but I had to protect Plume in this room no matter what.</p>

<p>I confronted Green, positioning myself between them and the bed. In his right hand, he held something like a hand ax, brandishing it as a threat. I had a fire poker too, but the difference in reach was anything but ordinary. With just a slight swipe of his hand ax, my resolve wavered. If it came to a head-on battle, the outcome would be determined in an instant. Even though I felt hesitant, I stood near a chair, aiming the fire poker from a position where I could hide at any time.</p>

<p>Orange's voice comes from outside and Plume receives something. Green hears it and heads for the bed. I try to tackle him from the front and hit him low, but he brushes me off. I am knocked away, and my body is sent flying. But my fears are put to rest. I quickly get up and hug him from behind. I'm dragged along, not much of a stopper, and I'm knocked away again, this time slamming into a wall. The impact is so strong that I stop breathing. I try to stand up, but my legs get tangled. I may have hit my head. I don't know where it hurts, but I can't get to my feet.</p>

<p>Shaking my head and focusing my eyes, I see Green putting his weight on Plume's hand with the hand ax. My heart begins to beat painfully high. I pick up the fire poker that had fallen beside me, but my whole body begins to tremble. My vision is spinning, feel a chill. I notice that blood is pouring out of my back.</p>

<p>My body does not move as it should. Still, I scream, and my body responds as it remember. My legs no longer move properly according to my will. It doesn't matter. I would be fine if it could carry my body two more steps ahead. With both arms, I swing the poker down and strike a blow to Green. I support myself on my feet, just barely balanced, and look back to see Green's hand ax swinging down from behind me, over my head. As I try to avoid it, I lose my balance and falls, rolling directly under the desk.</p>

<p>Orange! Hurry!</p>

<p>I know she's outside. Maybe it's locked. If help doesn't come, I'll have to take this guy down. Green lifts up a coat hanger and pulls down a chair. A steel rod, nearly three meters long with three separate ends, is thrust at me under the table, and I run to the back, dragging a trail of blood behind me. I wonder how many wounds I have suffered on my back. How much blood did I lose? One of my eyes is red with blood, and my vision is red. I don't even know which of those crushed eyes is which. I can't fight a coat hanger with a fire poker. But if I run away like this, Plume will get hit.</p>

<p>However, it seemed that he was targeting only Plume's left hand. He were probably aiming for that thing on the back of her hand. If that's the case, is it worth risking my life to prevent it? Green threw away a coat hanger and approached the bed. In a split second, I spotted a chair unbalanced by being caught on a table. I stretched out my leg to knock over the chair, causing Green to stumble on it.</p>

<p>If I had stayed still, I think I would have been saved. I've been full of regrets ever since.</p>

<p>But if I'm asking if it's worth it or not, it's the other way around. Is my life worth one left hand of Plume?</p>

<p>I look over at Green and see that he is protecting his injured arm. I don't have any more wounds to cover up. I don't know anything about blood loss. I don't have the fear I had when I sank into the bottomless pit when the wolves chased me. If I get up again, I will have another chance.</p>

<p>I crawl to the side of the bed and stand up.</p>

<p>“Plume, run. Out the window.”</p>

<p>I can gain time for just one more strike. Plume, hurry, the window. They get up. I don't need anything else. All I need is to keep Plume's left hand from being taken.</p>

<p>It's the final blow. The hand that I thought I had raised no longer rises to my shoulder. The poker slips out of my hand. All that's left is my body. I have to stop. This is really my last chance. I fall on him as if to lean my weight on him, but he pushes the hand ax to the side and knocks me down.</p>

<p>After the shock, as if my body is broken, the pain and sound disappear. I can just barely see the light is there. The feel of a fallen carpet, the pulsation of blood flowing out. Only the sound of ringing in my ears.<br/>
I'm sorry I couldn't save you, Plume.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_10">Chapter 10: Contact</h3>

<p>“Opening a warp hole in the room! Please turn off the warp shield!”</p>

<p>“No! Don't show the panel!”</p>

<p>It's difficult when both are said at the same time!</p>

<p>As I open the light panel, Azure leaps at me. However, Wheaty blocks and prevents it, and I lose my balance and touch the ground with my hand, closing the panel. Azure holds a hatchet, and Wheaty is holding it down.</p>

<p>Is he really targeting this panel?</p>

<p>“Young lady, that one should be holding a hatchet. There are people in the border town they gave it to. He is acting under their instructions.”</p>

<p>Without time to hear the words coming from outside the door, Azure slams Wheaty against the wall and immediately jumps at us.</p>

<p>“Wheaty!”</p>

<p>Azure grabs me by the head and slams me into the wall, holding my left arm at my side as I'm about to faint, holding me down on the sideboard, pressing the hatchet against my wrist and putting his weight on it. The intense pain that instantly brings back the consciousness that was about to disappear after being set against the wall, I scream and push Azure away. In the process, the hatchet rips into my side.</p>

<p>The hand are still connected, but blood spurts out in time with my heartbeat. As the area is stained with my blood, Azure stands up again and comes toward me.</p>

<p>My left hand no longer moves. Wheaty's yell roars out and strikes a blow to Azure before swing his hatchet down. A dull thud that shatters his ribcage. Azure groans, loses his balance and stumbles, but stays with his hands on the table. Wheaty is standing there, clutching the fireplace poker in his hand. But the next moment, Azure's hatchet swings down on Wheaty. Wheaty ducks and rolls to the floor and pokes Azure's foot from under the table. Azure lifts a coat hanger from there and pushes it around to crush Wheaty at his feet.</p>

<p>I finally pop up a panel and turn off the warp shield with a voice command.</p>

<p>“Shields off! Captain!”</p>

<p>I can't see Wheaty. Azure throws down his coat hanger and comes toward us. A warp hole begins to open dimly behind it.</p>

<p>A chair is knocked over in front of the approaching Azure, who stumbles and falls.</p>

<p>The next moment, a bloodied Wheaty stands between me and Azure, holding a fire poker. He unravels the half-removed ribbon with his right hand, discards it, and points to the window, appealing for something. Maybe he wants me to run away from the window, but my body is no longer strong enough.</p>

<p>Wheaty punches Azure as he stands up.</p>

<p>He yells and grips the poker with both hands, but his legs get tangled and he is reamed and knocked down with a flourish by Azure's hatchet.</p>

<p>The next moment, a warp hole opens behind him, and the captains jump in.</p>

<p>Almost simultaneously, a particle cannon mimicking a rifle explodes.</p>

<p>As the explosion sound produced by the heat of the particle cannon reverberates off the walls of the room, the heat rays blow Azure's head off, and a heat wave containing his brain plasma runs from in front of me to the wall behind me. My ears ring, the flash burns into my retinas and the smell of burnt flesh and metallic ions.</p>

<p>The body of Azure, having lost its head, crumbled to the spot with a thud.</p>

<div class="sepalator">*</div>

<p>My injuries healed quickly. The wound on my left arm had reached the bone, but this level of injury would heal in a day.</p>

<p>But Wheaty was different. Three of his spines were shattered, and his organs have no self-repair function. He also lost a lot of blood, but we don't know what artificial blood is compatible with him. And apparently he is not a doggie. He is probably from Earth. I had never thought that an earthling could look like a doggie.</p>

<p>I had also thought the bruise on his belly looked like an umbilical after Beriche pointed it out to me. I wish I had recognized it right away and had done the proper research.</p>

<p>Even during the treatment, at first I thought doggie blood would be compatible, but it wasn't. The cell structure was different, and the domain was different to begin with. It is not surprising since they are from different planets, but when I looked into it, I found that there are many doggie-type mammals in this world. It took me some time to find out to which type Wheaty belongs.</p>

<p>It took three days to prepare for the cell culture. During that time, we simulated the genes, and once the culture was on track, it didn't take long. I think the brain didn't lose its function since it was supplied with enough oxygen during that period.</p>

<p>We converted a room in the mansion into a data room and shelter. The shelter is nothing more than a simple one, permanently connected to a city center shelter. The data room was initially for collecting data to help Wheaty, but recently, we have been gathering language data to communicate with him.</p>

<p>“Security is tight everywhere these days,” says Beriche. If we could access the military's system, data on major languages on Earth would probably be available. High authentication is required for access, and if we were to investigate without a specific purpose, our credibility rank would drop. It is relatively easy to obtain mutual authentication for academic-related purposes, but getting military data is difficult. If our ID is locked, we are not allowed to live. We are creatures dependent on culture.</p>

<p>So I asked Beriche to analyze the radio sound data collected by music professionals, but the security there seems to have been significantly tightened as well. Amidst that, Beriche told me in a low voice, “The reputation of the border town can be used.”</p>

<p>“Reputation? What do you mean?”</p>

<p>“The achievement equivalent to one Bugbear has been deposited. If we use that, we can access the data collected by their network.”</p>

<p>Azure intended to give it away for free. Moreover, Azure had returned to our hands...</p>

<p>“What should we do?”</p>

<p>“Well, let's use it then.”</p>

<p>I never thought I'd use such an under-the-table transaction history in a situation like this. Access to the acoustic data was easy. But when I looked at the files, I noticed something strange. No matter which file I checked, the dates were off.</p>

<p>“Beriche, what's today's date?”</p>

<p>“Earth time?”</p>

<p>“No, in the standard of our home planet.”</p>

<p>“It should be 10227... Wait, what?”</p>

<p>Beriche also noticed.</p>

<p>“What is this timestamp?”</p>

<p>“I don't know. I'm currently checking the star map. It might be a mistake. Besides, there's a possibility that we passed through a gravitational source when we moved the continent here.”</p>

<p>“Even if we passed through a gravitational source, this kind of time discrepancy wouldn't occur. If there's a possibility, it would be passing through an imaginary space.”</p>

<p>“So, is this timestamp a simple mistake?”</p>

<p>There was a discrepancy between the time when the continent warped in and when it warped out from here. In Earth time, it was minus 300 orbital cycles, meaning we had time-leaped about 300 Earth years into the past. If, as Beriche suggested, we had passed through an imaginary space, the tidal forces would have destroyed the continent.</p>

<p>“Does that mean there are versions of us from 300 years ago existing somewhere in this universe?”</p>

<p>“Time isn't that simple, so I don't know. We might have crossed world lines.”</p>

<p>We don't know anything about time. Even though we understand what “going to the past” means in words, we have no idea what actually happens there.</p>

<p>“Could the increased security level be because of this?”</p>

<p>“Yeah, I think we might have made contact with a fifth-level civilization.”</p>

<p>Beriche is at a loss for words. I think she can't gauge how serious I am about this. On the other hand, tell me: how much do I really believe this right now?</p>

<p>“Are the Earthlings the ones controlling time?”</p>

<p>From what I've seen of Wheaty's data, it's impossible. Even a single cell membrane is four generations outdated. There are no potassium-40 circuits, and brain activity is only a few percent of ours.</p>

<p>“I wonder if they'll wake up tomorrow.”</p>

<p>Beriche says, looking at the monitor. It might be a monologue, but I respond anyway:</p>

<p>“The vitals are expected to reach a recovery point by tomorrow morning.”</p>

<p>“At times like this, it's fine to just say, 'Yeah, definitely,'” she laughs.</p>

<p>Yeah, definitely. That's right. They'll surely wake up.</p>

<p>The problem is us. Whether we can pick up enough words for a conversation.</p>

<p>“It seems like Japanese is a fairly major language. There were radio broadcasts, and we collected about 12,000 vocabulary words. That should be enough for communication, right?”</p>

<p>Beriche reports as if she saw through my anxiety. We were able to confirm the language Wheaty speaks from the video my mother recorded. As Beriche said, we received radio broadcasts and, through Wheaty's brainwave analysis, we could match the meanings of many words.</p>

<p>The remaining question is whether to prepare an artificial voice box with an app or to speak ourselves, but if we can talk to Wheaty, I'd prefer to talk directly, so I decided to use a choker-type voice device to speak myself.</p>

<p>“What will you do, Beriche?”</p>

<p>“I'll use an automatic translation and monitor it. If necessary, I'll convert it through an app and send it directly to the auditory cortex.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>There was hesitation. Should I continue as a doggie and its owner, or interact as an Earthling and a Hyanorl? Dressing him up like a doggie, teaching tricks, taking care of the toilet, sleeping together – after living like this, suddenly treating him as an intellectual being feels like a high hurdle to overcome.</p>

<p>Moreover, even when it comes to intelligence, there's a gradient. I can roughly predict what kind of culture they have from their vocabulary, but I don't know their values. Their civilization is at a second-level. They're probably individualistic, holding unscientific beliefs, driven by lust, and possess strong attachment. Considering this, I can't help but feel that there's no mutual benefit in being able to converse. I think I can love him as a doggie. However, after exchanging a few words, I'd surely be disillusioned, and I would only be able to take the same attitude towards him as Beriche did with Azure. I tried having a conversation by inputting all the vocabulary into artificial intelligence as a test, but it left a rather crude impression.</p>

<p>I prepared a separate room for him and set the entrance door so that he could open it. I dressed him in clothes his size, and as he peacefully sleeps in bed, his expression is different from the doggie he used to be. Still, I have a feeling that when he wakes up, he might come to lick my hand, and I'm still unsure whether I would simply extend my hand or scold him in that situation. However, whatever he may be, I am a Hyanorl. If he tries to return to being a pet, it's my responsibility to stop him.</p>

<p>The vital signs are steadily rising. Once he wakes up, he'll be able to not only stand and walk but also run. His brain waves have also left the deep sleep zone.</p>

<p>At the same time, an alert occurs. It seems that several more ground-based fighter planes have intruded. Until yesterday, I couldn't help but wonder why they didn't counterattack, but probably the upper levels are wary of contact with a fifth-level civilization. They likely won't retaliate until the cause of the time discrepancy when the continent was moved becomes clear. There are also stories of Earth's infantry invading the outer edge of the continent, but that only means they have a military force capable of infiltrating with infantry.</p>

<p>As a precaution, I tried to investigate the organization that infiltrated Wheaty here as bait, but there was no remaining communication log about it. Despite being able to access most communication records, why are only the crucial parts missing?</p>

<p>“Hasn't he woken up yet?”</p>

<p>Beriche opens the door almost simultaneously with a knock.</p>

<p>“I think it'll be a little longer.”</p>

<p>“When he wakes up, bring him to the data room. I'll set up biometric authentication on the portal. Just in case, I want to set it up so he can use it too, and I'd like to teach him how to use it.”</p>

<p>With that, I pick him up in my arms. The smell on the nape of his neck is nostalgic, even though we were only apart for four days. He sleepily grips my clothes. Beriche looks at me with an incredulous expression.</p>

<p>“Don't worry, I don't think of him as just a doggie anymore.”</p>

<p>As we step into the hallway and head to the data room, my father calls out to me. Beriche goes ahead.</p>

<p>“Earth's infantry is coming up around here as well. We might have to leave from here when the timing is right. I've also installed the defense system, so it won't be like the Bugbear incident.”</p>

<p>“I understand. What about engagement?”</p>

<p>“They're just infantry. Just knock them unconscious and throw them back to the ground.”</p>

<p>At that moment, Wheaty, who was being held, wakes up.</p>

<p>“Ah, sorry, it looks like Wheaty is awake. I'll try talking to him, so I'll catch up with you later.”</p>

<p>Wheaty is saying something, but I can't understand what he's saying here. We'll be moving soon, so just wait a little longer. As I rush into the data room, Beriche has an incredulous expression on her face again. What is she exasperated with this time?</p>

<p>“He's already awake.”</p>

<p>Oh, right. If he's awake, there's no need for me to carry him.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>I set Wheaty down and immediately put on the artificial vocal cords.</p>

<p>“Hello. Can you understand my words?”</p>

<p>Wheaty looks at me with a curious expression on his face.</p>

<p>“My name is Frare Karel. I am a resident of this continent. I hope to communicate with you.”</p>

<p>Beriche is smiling. Wheaty turns to Beriche, receives some instruction, nods, and sits down on the sofa.</p>

<p>“Sorry, I thought you must be really happy because you started talking without any preparation. For now, I just had him sit down, so you can continue the conversation.”</p>

<p>It seems that Beriche spoke to him directly in his brain. I also sit down in my chair. He looks around and then glances at the clothes he's been dressed in.</p>

<p>“I apologize for treating you as a doggie for these seventeen days. I am truly sorry.”</p>

<p>I bowed my head, which seemed to be the standard way to apologize for Earthlings.</p>

<p>“No, um, well, it's...”</p>

<p>No, um, well, it's? The first message I heard from an Earthling was, “No, um, well, it's.” Interjection, pronoun, pronoun, binding particle? Is this how Earthlings communicate? But I don't understand this. Should I ask?</p>

<p>“I didn't understand the subject.”</p>

<p>Wheaty quickly adds more words.</p>

<p>“I'm fine. It wasn't a bother.”</p>

<p>A sentence! Finally, I was able to hear a live sentence spoken by an Earthling!</p>

<p>“I heard from your grandfather before that you would protect me.”</p>

<p>“Eh?”</p>

<p>He talked to my grandfather?</p>

<p>“Um, well, you see...”</p>

<p>Interjection, interjection, auxiliary verb, particle... What's the meaning? No, this is just a call.</p>

<p>“On the day we went to the mushroom house, your grandfather showed me in the innermost room.”</p>

<p>“Eh?”</p>

<p>Looking bewildered, Wheaty told me about what he saw at the control site. He apparently looked at the logs during that time. As he recounted the events, he told me about the day I went for a walk on a horse and spotted the kite, and what happened afterward.</p>

<p>That's right, that kite, or was it a paraglider? I had a feeling I had seen it somewhere before, so I followed it. I heard the voice of the black-backed wolf and searched around, finding him stuck in a bottomless swamp, but I thought he was a doggie. I assumed that the person who came with the kite was someone who looked similar to us.</p>

<p>According to Wheaty's story, the Bugbear man I had been calling Azure was an agent, and there was a video showing him working with his comrades. Despite this, he didn't seem to be wary of us, which piqued his interest and he continued to watch over us.</p>

<p>Wheaty knew the danger of that Bugbear. He had decided to protect me since then. With that thought, a sudden surge of affection welled up within me.</p>

<p>“Wait for 30 seconds.”</p>

<p>“Sure thing.”</p>

<p>I needed time to stop my tears. I had only seen him in doggie costumes until now, but dressed in the clothes Beriche prepared, he looked just like a Hyanorl boy. He had risked his life to protect me. I said 30 seconds, but I'm not confident I can stop my tears in that time.</p>

<p>“Earthling's language is difficult to understand, huh?” said Beriche.</p>

<p>Indeed, Earthling's language has many redundant parts. However, the main text is the same recursive language as ours, so it can be translated straightforwardly. It's different from the Bugbear language.</p>

<p>“Please call me Ken,” he says.</p>

<p>“Ken... Yes, of course. I will.”</p>

<p>Of course, he had a proper name.</p>

<p>“My name is Frare. And over there is Beriche.”</p>

<p>“I heard Frare's name from your grandfather.”</p>

<p>So that's how it was. It's frustrating. Madeley, he should have told me.</p>

<p>After that, we talked about various things. He used to cover incidents and accidents on Earth and write articles about them. He also came to this continent by infiltrating it with a mechanical airplane and flying in alone. And then,</p>

<p>“I can use the toilet on my own, so please let me go to the toilet by myself from now on.”</p>

<p>Hearing that, I felt embarrassed. He unlike a doggie, can understand and communicate well, and also shows understanding for Beriche's and my mother's music. I used to put frilly pants on him, accompany him to the toilet, and wash him with water after he used it.</p>

<p>“Of course, I'll prepare an automatic flush toilet for you right away.”</p>

<p>“Do you have one?”</p>

<p>He told me that he felt ashamed having to be washed with water after defecating. He even seriously considered that perhaps this need might be unique to humans alone. I'm really sorry for making him worry about such things.</p>

<p>The more we talked, the closer the gap between me as a Hyanorl and Ken as an Earthling became. But at the same time, it widened the distance between the life I shared with Wheaty as a doggie in the countryside. I can't hold him on the coachman's seat anymore or sleep while keeping warm with him.</p>

<p>I also received questions from him. I answered questions about our technology, while Beriche answered those related to things seen in the border town. Among Beriche's explanations, there were things that made me doubt my own ears, and sometimes, the three of us would fall silent.</p>

<p>When we informed him that the genetic damage of Earthlings was so severe that in a few hundred years, the deleterious factors would start manifesting and lead to their extinction, he seemed to be in shock.</p>

<p>The topic also extends to doggies. The creatures we call doggies are very similar to Earthlings, but they are oviparous mammals, without a navel, and have been modified based on something collected from a distant star long ago. Since then, they have been kept as pets and livestock. Although most of our diet consists of synthetic food, some people spend their leisure time fishing, while others engage in hunting. Among those with such unusual hobbies, some even eat doggies.</p>

<p>“Was it a doggie or a human living at your grandparents' house?” Ken asked after taking a deep breath.</p>

<p>“It was a doggie.”</p>

<p>It couldn't be an Earthling because we had been keeping it since before the continental migration.</p>

<p>“Can I see it again?”</p>

<p>Why?</p>

<p>“I thought it might be a human because it resembles us humans.”</p>

<p>That possibility doesn't exist. They reach adulthood in about twelve years after birth, and their gender is determined around that time. Judy, who lives at my grandparents' house, had not yet determined her gender before meeting Ken, but since then, she has rapidly feminized, and now her breast has grown like a mammal. When I showed Judy's footage to Ken, his expression clearly changed.</p>

<p>“This is Judy now. You can see the difference between her and humans, right?”</p>

<p>Although it seemed strange that Judy's hormone balance changed when she recognized Ken, a member of a different species, as a male, it wasn't unnatural considering their visually dependent habits. I can somehow tell that Ken is also attracted to Judy's physique.</p>

<p>After thinking for a while, Ken quietly and cautiously asks, “Where do you think the difference between her and me lies?”</p>

<p>“Her lifespan, cellular structure, and internal organs are all different,” I answer and then suddenly realize that Ken is asking about the difference between humans and doggies from our perspective. He is wondering how we intend to interact with humans and whether there is a difference between our treatment of them and doggies.</p>

<p>To be honest, I don't know what the difference is. doggies are believed to have no civilization or language, but looking at their appearance alone, they seem capable of developing advanced science and technology. The reason they don't have language or civilization might be because we have forced them into that position. It has also been pointed out that compounds they have ingested over the years by licking our skin may be inhibiting their growth.</p>

<p>I remove my artificial vocal cords and ask Beriche, “Do you think doggies and Earthlings are the same for us? Or different?”</p>

<p>Answer is, “It depends on our future interactions, but I think they will probably be treated as the same.”</p>

<p>I think so too. However,</p>

<p>“Can I say that he is the exception? That he will be treated specially?”</p>

<p>“That depends on your determination.”</p>

<p>I think my credibility has considerably decreased over the past few days. I've accessed data without disclosing my purpose, and no one can trace how I'm managing that data. There are few organizations that would vouch for someone like that. In such circumstances, if I were to suggest treating an Earthling, particularly someone of the second-level like him, as equal to us, it would be difficult. I remember a researcher who was expelled from an academic society for claiming they wanted to marry a doggie.</p>

<p>“There are several ways to send him back to Earth. You can ask your father to send him, or you can return him using something called a paraglider. On the other hand, if you want to keep him with you, you'll have to either keep him as a doggie or work to change society to grant him rights equivalent to a Hyanorl. The former option is as usual. The latter would involve your whole life.”</p>

<p>“As a doggie...”</p>

<p>“It's not just your life that's at stake. Consider that.”</p>

<p>I truly want him to be cultured. If he behaves as a person with culture like us, I can protect him. We can communicate like this, so I don't want to see him as equal to a doggie. I put on the artificial vocal cords and face Ken.</p>

<p>“I'll explain again in more detail.”</p>

<p>Ken looks at me with serious eyes.</p>

<p>As I tell him everything I think about doggies, he shares his thoughts as well. He talks about the times he considered giving up his reason and resigning himself to the position of a pet, his feelings towards Judy, and the joys and anxieties of being kept as a doggie.</p>

<p>Their cells deteriorate with each cell division, unlike ours. This cellular stress creates messenger organic substances that diffuse throughout their body, controlling their actions and influencing their thoughts. This is something we, whose cells do not deteriorate, cannot understand. Therefore, our principles of action differ in fundamental ways, even before considering our thoughts. We have been liberated from the cycle of death and reproduction. I think that if it weren't for this, we too would have spent time on the game of reproduction. Cellular desires eventually diffuse into the body and become thoughts. However, even if I were to accept his physical desires here, it would be the same as treating him like a pet.</p>

<p>“Do you ever think about wanting to copulate me?”</p>

<p>“Well...” he hesitates for a moment, “Yes. While you were asleep, I couldn't help it, and I thought about it many times.”</p>

<p>“Many times? Did you copulate me many times?”</p>

<p>“No, I didn't. I just thought about wanting to do it. Many times.”</p>

<p>I was surprised. I should have noticed that.</p>

<p>“Please tell me when you want to copulate.”</p>

<p>“Is it okay to do it?”</p>

<p>“If you were to wish to copulate me, I can accept it. However, I don't think it will be fertilized or embryogenesis. Would you still wish to copulate?”</p>

<p>“No, that would be ...”</p>

<p>He is at a loss for words.</p>

<p>I don't have any memory of laying an egg. However, considering my gender, I can probably produce one by adjusting my organic balance. If we were to create an embryo, we would first need to examine his genetic information, create a suitable environment, and fertilize it. If there is anything lacking in the natural combination, I would need to supplement it with my own genes. Even if we were to mate, probably less than 1% of his genetic material would be useful. By removing the rest and supplementing with my own genes, we could create a new individual. If we don't do anything, there will be an inconsistency between cytoplasmic inheritance and genetic information.</p>

<p>When I explain this, he shakes his head.</p>

<p>I can provide both the egg and fertilization environment, and I can take care of the process from embryo development to hatching.</p>

<p>“What kind of value do you feel in creating a new individual in that way?”</p>

<p>He shakes his head.</p>

<p>It seems that's not what he means.</p>

<p>His purpose in copulation is purely for pleasure. However, he won't admit that. He tries to position copulation itself as something noble, as a “sublime act of life.” But that's not the case. It's the opposite. Copulation is not noble because it gives rise to pure communication. What is shared in highly pure communication is nothing more than the flaws that both parties' bodies have in common.</p>

<p>When I say that, he lets out an irregular moan as if he's been accused.</p>

<p>Although it's just a discussion about physical desire, it somehow turns into a conversation about thoughts and a magical tale about life. I understand that this magical nature is at the core of their culture. I am drawn to its beauty. But if you become attached to it, there is only disillusionment.</p>

<p>“Do you desire to copulate with Judy?”</p>

<p>When I ask that, he holds his head again, starts thinking, looks up to the heavens, and after a while, speaks as if he's made up his mind. The cycle repeats.</p>

<p>“I don't think it's that simple,” he says.</p>

<p>No, it's simple. You just want a copulation. Your cells are just experiencing the stress of imperfect regeneration. You're just speaking on their behalf. There's certainly a complex chain of chemical reactions due to protein synthesis, but if you abstract that complexity into psychology, you won't be able to solve the problem, right?</p>

<p>“copulation might be what my body desires, but it's not my true intention, and I understand that. However, if I were to become close with her and eventually live together, I think I would engage in copulation. Not for sexual desire.”</p>

<p>The conversation is fundamentally not making sense.</p>

<p>“To satisfy desire?”</p>

<p>“No, more like for communication, I guess.”</p>

<p>“So, is copulation necessary for communication between you and me?”</p>

<p>“Well, um...”</p>

<p>He struggles to find words.</p>

<p>“It depends on the relationship, I guess...”</p>

<p>In essence, they are just internalizing the stress generated by a reproductive function. If both parties internalize this, they can tend to each other's wounds. Of course, this is not a bad thing. However, we are different. If I unilaterally respond to your thoughts, it's not communication. So, what is the shared joy that we can both experience? If there is no such connection, and if your side only has desire, communication between us cannot be established. Even if you agree with Judy and engage in copulation, I have no motive to engage in copulation with you. But,</p>

<p>“However, I would like to try collecting sperm.”</p>

<p>Although it is haploid, it is the only cell that does not degrade through cell division, so I am interested.</p>

<p>As Ken searches for words with an unsatisfied expression, Beriche suggests ending the conversation for the day. I wanted to grasp something more positive, but the gap in consciousness was significant. Moreover, he probably doesn't even realize that gap. Lastly, I briefly touch on the principles and how to open the door, followed by an explanation based on the Alien Life Protection Act.</p>

<p>“By choosing the rights mentioned above, you can live here just like us Hyanorls. If you register officially as an alien intelligent being, you will be protected by the state, and you will never be treated as a pet again.”</p>

<p>Beriche listens to this through the translation device.</p>

<p>Ken, I want to show you my utmost sincerity. There is a possibility that contact with Earthlings may cause problems, but at most it will only damage my reputation. Even if some IDs are revoked because of that, I want to protect you. You are not a pet. Nor are you the foolish existence called an Earthling. Come to our side.</p>

<p>“That's all for today. Do you have any questions?”</p>

<p>He thinks for a moment.</p>

<p>“Can't... Can't Judy have...” he hesitantly begins, then continues, “those rights as well?”</p>

<p>Ken, I'm violating taboos for your sake. That's why it's impossible to go any further.</p>

<p>I removed the choker so he could see, and dropped it on the floor in front of him. Even though I thought I was doing something foolish, I couldn't help but do it.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>At night, I couldn't sleep, so I went to Wheaty's room. Wheaty is looking at me through the comforter.</p>

<p>“Wheaty, I'm coming.”</p>

<p>I call out, and Wheaty raises himself up on the bed. I stood in front of Wheaty and undressed him. He looks at me and I say, “You are a good boy. You don't like these clothes.”</p>

<p>Wheaty is trying hard to cover with his hands the parts of his body that he had never hidden before. I don't like that kind of behavior. Doggie act like Doggie.</p>

<p>“Come on, Wheaty.”</p>

<p>As I pull Wheaty close, he clings to me, puzzled. The same smell from the day I took him out of the box under the stairs wafts from his ear. I return to the room, lay him down on the bed, and embrace him from behind, speaking to him with my artificial vocal cords.</p>

<p>“I used to call you Wheaty. I thought the smell of your hair was narcotic. Even now, I don't think there's any scent that relaxes me as much as this.”</p>

<p>As I take a deep breath, I remember various things. Wheaty puts his hand through the hem of my shirt and slowly dives into it. it's a little ticklish, but...</p>

<p>“Yes, that's right. I wanted you to stay a doggie forever. I didn't want to see any signs of intelligence, I just wanted you to be my friend. But I guess it's impossible now. It can't be helped. I'll give up. But at least until today. Until today, be my doggie, Wheaty.”</p>

<p>I put my elbow in through the sleeve of my shirt and find Wheaty's head and let him lick my fingers. Wheaty's sweet smell spreads throughout my shirt. My tension is released, and the feathers throughout my body open up. I've always wanted to be like this. Wheaty licks my wrist, turns around, and licks the inside of my elbow. I realize now that his part of the body were sometimes hard because he was lusting after me. It doesn't matter what species he is; he's special to me.</p>

<p>“Our cells are highly invasive.”</p>

<p>In a Hyanorl's body, countless RNA for genetic repair are running around.</p>

<p>“Do you understand what a virus is?”</p>

<p>Wheaty runs his tongue over my breasts.</p>

<p>“By contact, some of my RNA will invade your body, causing fever, and in some cases, rewriting your genes.”</p>

<p>I will slowly destroy you from the inside. Also, our respective bacteria will be exchanged, but your immunity is not as high as mine. Your cells and organs don't have a self-repair function. If we have mucosal contact, my RNA will erode your cells at an incredible speed, like parallel propagation in a bugbear.</p>

<p>Wheaty, not hearing this explanation, uses his nose and tongue to search for more and sweeter spots. He probes the soft skin beneath the open feathers, extending his fingers from the breast to the armpits, to the abdomen, and even to the cloaca.</p>

<p>Still, he wants to copulate. It is an animal.</p>

<p>I still think you are happier being a doggie.</p>

<p>Sigh.</p>

<p>If this was going to happen, I should have monitored the RNA invasion.</p>

<p>Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's it. That's it.</p>

<p>“Wait a minute, Wheaty. I still want to record this.”</p>

<p>I pull Wheaty's face out from between my legs and raise him off the bed.</p>

<p>I return the disguised lantern to the sensor panel and activate the vital monitor.</p>

<p>“What's that?”</p>

<p>Wheaty looks at it curiously.</p>

<p>“It's a vital monitor. It can record various information about our vital signs.”</p>

<p>“What are you going to do with something like that...?”</p>

<p>“Well, record.”</p>

<p>I set the monitor by the bedside. It clearly displays both of our heartbeats. The alert keeps ringing, and unknown organic substances are being produced at an incredible speed. At the molecular level, they're still unknown life forms - amazing. There's an organic substance within them that arouses sexual desire.</p>

<p>When I fiddle with the reproductive organs of Wheaty, the tendency of the organic matter synthesized changes.</p>

<p>Oh, wow!</p>

<p>The unknown organic matter appears one after another. Alerts keep going off.</p>

<p>I mark some organics with a marker, turn off the alert, and use my hips and hands to slip into bed and lie down. I'm all set.</p>

<p>“You may copulate.”</p>

<p>“What?”</p>

<p>I was getting nervous thinking about what kind of data I would be able to get.</p>

<p>Come on, Wheaty, hurry up. You're a doggie until today.</p>

<p>And - as far as I can remember, this was the first time we copulation.</p>

<p>It was as if Wheaty, without feathers, was flapping his wings.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_11">Chapter 11: Disappointment</h3>

<p>In the living room of my childhood home, there were often occult magazines left around. Among them, nestled between dubious articles, were stories of various actual scientists who devoted themselves to experiments using their own bodies.</p>

<p>There was one who believed that the venom of a rattlesnake could be cured by an electric shock, another who raised ticks taken from a cat's ear in his own, and yet another who developed a suit capable of withstanding a grizzly bear's attack——</p>

<p>I didn't think such people existed in abundance.</p>

<p>Well, actually, there aren't many people at the level of becoming a news article. If there were, they'd be out there getting interviewed.</p>

<p>I believe there are many moments when a love of a hundred years can cool, but one particularly poignant one was watching Frare transfer samples of my semen into a container with a pipette after our intimate act. That was when it really hit me: Frare was one of those eccentrics.</p>

<p>But still, “Can I call you Plume?” When asked this, “You can call me whatever you like.” As She responded, and watched the swimming sperm on the monitor, her eyes were indeed still beautiful.</p>

<p>She used to call me “Ken” for a while, but before I knew it, she had switched back to calling me Wheaty. According to her, the military on the surface refers to me as a “Decoy”. In other words, I believe this means that while I'm moving around here, some strategy is taking place behind the scenes, but I don't feel it very much. If it's really happening like that, I feel terribly sorry for Plume and the others. But when I say this, she tells me, “No matter what the earthlings are up to, it's not a problem.” Well, still. “If a dog sent a decoy, wouldn't earthlings ignore it too?” Yes. That's right. Earthlings are indeed seen as dogs to them.</p>

<p>By the way, on the day my injuries healed, she told me something like “stay a dog until today”, but as to whether anything changed afterwards, there doesn't seem to be much of a change. A state-of-the-art toilet was prepared inside the room in addition to the box toilet, but I didn't know how to use it, so I tried using the one in the box. She then took me to the washing place and washed my bottom. A room was also prepared for me, but every night, I was always taken to her room. However, being able to exchange words with her makes things different than before.</p>

<p>“I thought Beriche was your lover.”</p>

<p>The lantern by the bed softly illuminates the bed. Wearing only a loose shirt, Plume lies on her back, fixing the light monitor in mid-air, reviewing our recent activities. Various graphs and words are lined up over the image.</p>

<p>“Do you mean 'lover' in the sense of the Earth's language?”</p>

<p>“You don't have a word for 'lover'?”</p>

<p>“There are a few similar words.”</p>

<p>Well, we also have words like lover and girlfriend, which are subtly different.</p>

<p>“How about 'spouses'?”</p>

<p>“We have that, but it's not a fixed relationship.”</p>

<p>I'm not quite sure, but maybe this is what her grandpa meant by “playing the role”. Their families are like theater.</p>

<p>“Is Beriche a girl?”</p>

<p>“The gender she's expressing seems to be close to a girl, at the moment.”</p>

<p>I'm still a bit confused.</p>

<p>From what I've seen, there's not much sexual difference among the Hyanorl. Plume's gestures are girlish, but it's the kind of girlishness we'd see in a cat, whether looking at a male or a female, not like a human girl.</p>

<p>“We have four genes that determine our sex, and the combination of these genes changes our sex, so strictly speaking, we have sixteen sexes. Of these, five are female, five are male, one expresses both, and the rest change according to organic balance.”</p>

<p>“Ah, I see. Is Beriche the changing type?”</p>

<p>“She doesn't seem to understand it well herself, but probably.”</p>

<p>“What happens to things like the womb when you change? If you change from male to female, does it naturally occur?”</p>

<p>“Our structure is different from you earthlings because we're oviparous, but the reproductive organ changes naturally.”</p>

<p>“That's amazing.”</p>

<p>“In our case, there are three stable forms: male, female, and hermaphrodite. The sex that appears changes because the balance of organic matter changes due to genes. When the threshold of organic matter is exceeded, it changes in about seven days. Because our cell structure is different from earthlings, the change is quick. During the change, one will have a fever, and the feathers remain open, so it's obvious at a glance.”</p>

<p>“I see. Earthlings change sex according to genes.”</p>

<p>At that, Plume laughs.</p>

<p>“Is that something not only you think, but also Earth's biologists say?”</p>

<p>She sweeps away the monitor in the air and turns to me with a keen interest, leaning in.</p>

<p>Well, I didn't ask outright, but that's what I learned in class...</p>

<p>“I believe so.”</p>

<p>“Earthlings are on that level, huh?”</p>

<p>Sorry, all you Earth biologists. I might be making you all look bad because of me.</p>

<p>“Because your cells are low-functioning, the determinations made by genes are directly reflected in the body. If the cell function was a bit higher, I think the sex could change after birth due to the balance of organic matter.”</p>

<p>“Really?”</p>

<p>“Yeah. Can you believe it started from there?”</p>

<p>According to Plume, viviparous creatures are generally lower, both at the physical and cultural level.</p>

<p>“On Earth, it's said that viviparity is more evolved.”</p>

<p>“Right, you have the word 'evolution', don't you?”</p>

<p>“Wait, is our concept of evolution incorrect?”</p>

<p>“When I talk to you, I have to use the word 'evolution' to match you, but 'evolution' sounds like we're moving forward. But that's not really the case. We're just changing towards a stable form, towards the direction of less environmental stress. So, when the environment changes, it's possible to change in the opposite direction, right? Isn't it strange to call these 'evolution' or 'devolution'?”</p>

<p>When I asked why oviparity was advantageous, she said it's nonsensical to have the mother herself placed in the environment necessary for fetal growth in the case of viviparity.</p>

<p>“For example, what if you were to go to a planet with half the gravity of your current one?”</p>

<p>I hadn't considered that scenario.</p>

<p>“Mars?”</p>

<p>Ah, I see.</p>

<p>“In order for fertilization and embryogenesis to occur there, doesn't the female have to be in an environment similar to Earth? It's absurd that the whole body needs to be in that environment, don't you think? It would be sufficient to just adjust the environment for the egg in the case of oviparity.”</p>

<p>The stress of abortion is also greater for viviparous beings. While they can reproduce on stable planets, they are weak to environmental changes, making it difficult to develop a civilization in the long term.</p>

<p>“Mammals are generally the ones going around destroying various planets to suit themselves.”</p>

<p>As she said this, Plume began to simulate the gene manipulation necessary to transform humans into oviparous beings. I wonder how this would turn out. If realized, it might make childbirth easier, but I think there would be quite a few people opposing it.</p>

<p>“So, if we become oviparous, there wouldn't be any feeding with Mother's milk, right?”</p>

<p>“That's not necessarily true. I think there can be instances where one is born from an egg and then raised on milk. doggies do it.”</p>

<p>Ah, I see.</p>

<p>I felt pathetic for prioritizing eros over the safety of the mother's body.</p>

<p>“Oh, it's fine.”</p>

<p>It seems the simulation has finished.</p>

<p>“We can change to oviparity, just with genes.”</p>

<p>“Really?”</p>

<p>It felt as casual as changing options when buying a car.</p>

<p>“If we have samples of Eggs and Sperm, we can make it immediately. We just need the Egg.”</p>

<p>Hold on. Don't assume you can just use my Sperm.</p>

<p>According to Plume, things that can be manipulated without changing the cellular structure are easy. The difficult part comes when a special organ is needed inside the cell, and furthermore, when it is dependent on genetic information or the environment.</p>

<p>“In the case of humans, the cell membrane is about four generations old.”</p>

<p>She said it like talking about a smartphone.</p>

<p>“For example, to add beryllium resistance, we need a beryllium vesicle as an intracellular organelle, and a code for the production of beryllium transport amino acids in the genetic information. Furthermore, it's pointless if the cell membrane does not allow it to pass through, and the digestive system also needs to be compatible. There's also the possibility that changes could affect other areas, and there could even be issues due to recessive inheritance.”</p>

<p>So, even if it's theoretically possible, it's unlikely to be realized. Moreover, whether or not the organs that appear in the body can be made to function, depends largely on the environment of each species.</p>

<p>“After all, the body is nothing more than a collection of chemical reflexes.” She said.</p>

<p>By the way, the rash on my body is apparently due to the beryllium contained in Plume's sweat. She told me I would die if I left it untreated, but what I want to know is what to do to not die. However, she doesn't seem too interested in that.</p>

<p>When I said, “It seems like you could create any kind of ultimate organism at will with genetic manipulation,” she snorted in laughter again. She explained that life depends on and adapts to its environment, so creating something unrelated to its environment is meaningless and it won't survive.</p>

<p>“What it preys on and how it lives determines that 'the strongest' is a meaningless term. Rather, life is about the environment, not the individual.”</p>

<p>Still, I asked if it was possible to create something like the ultimate life form that appears as the final boss in anime and games, and she said, “The closest thing to that is a spaceship.” And she added, “It's always the mammals who think about it,” which somehow feels like she's making fun of me each time.</p>

<p>“When you reach the third-level, you start actively creating spaceships, and they are programmed to travel in space for long periods of time, autonomously repairing and replicating themselves, so they essentially behave like life and are defined as life.”</p>

<p>I wonder if the crew inside is like parasites or internal bacteria.</p>

<p>“But, spaceships don't have a will, do they?”</p>

<p>When I asked this, she responded,</p>

<p>“None of the life forms have a 'will.' That's an illusion that many primitives fall into.”</p>

<p>But somehow, I feel like I could talk to her forever. I don't even care about the content of the conversation anymore. I love the sound of her voice, which feels like it resonates in the depths of my head when I put my ear to her chest, and I keep buries my face in her chest all the time.</p>

<p>“There are ruins of a third-level civilization on this continent. Would you like to go see them? It's said to be a spaceship crashed by a legendary pilot named Almira Diet.”</p>

<p>Upon hearing this, I felt a thrill like the first time I was asked out on a date. Actually, this might be the first time in my life I've been asked out. And she takes pleasure in watching the changes in my heart rate and blood pressure at such times.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>I wake up in the morning, stretch, and suddenly remember the feeling of being reamed with a hand ax. I am sure my spine was shattered at that moment. I remember the feeling of the hand ax breaking my ribs and the blade sliding into my flesh, and when it comes back, I choke. It's strange that it's only been a few days since then and I am still living normally like this. This is their level of civilization.</p>

<p>According to Plume, our Earth civilization is at the second-level. This is the level where thermal energy is converted into rotational energy for use. Things like gasoline cars and nuclear power generation all fall under the second-level.</p>

<p>The third-level directly uses wave energy, which includes electromagnetic waves, thermal vibrations, or waves and sounds, without converting them into rotational motion. According to Plume, Earth should soon reach the third-level, and around that time we'll achieve cellular immortality and gain self-repair functions for organs. In other words, if things go smoothly, we could have immortal bodies like Hyaenol within 100 to 200 years. Plume once said that humans on Earth would be extinct in a few hundred years, but if we can attain eternal life, we might be able to avoid that. However, Plume isn't optimistic, shattering the hopeful prediction by saying,“The appearance of the first sample is in 100 to 200 years. It doesn't guarantee that the whole civilization can acquire it. That's a higher hurdle.”</p>

<p>When asked, “Does Earth have rules for distributing resources that cost zero?”, I was left pondering what she meant. After all, Plume, you're speaking to one of the clueless masses.</p>

<p>“When you reach the third-level, the cost of energy essentially becomes zero. If there isn't a mechanism for producing and distributing 'energy that is free and available in any amount,' society will collapse. Up to the second-level, the energy problem is a resource problem, in other words, a finite problem. But from the third-level, it becomes an infinite problem of heat dissipation and distribution. Species that are stable even after transitioning to the third-level are often born from stars without resources in the first place. In the case of Earth, it's likely that the mass production of optical rectennas will lower the albedo and lead to a heat death.”</p>

<p>Alright, I understand. I'll take that as homework. So, what about the fourth-level?</p>

<p>“From the point where you can transcend space, you're at the fourth-level.”</p>

<p>I see. That's how Hyanorl came to Earth from a distant star.</p>

<p>“When you reach the fourth-level, you can handle concepts such as imaginary distance and imaginary time. With the negative speed and distance obtained from there, you can reduce the actual dimensional distance to zero. For instance, if there was a dimension where 'time reverses when you walk backward,' you could make both time and distance zero by turning your body in that direction when you move.”</p>

<p>I still didn't understand after hearing that.</p>

<p>“And then, once you can carry around compressed space and cause vacuum decay inside it, you can extract as much energy as you want. If you convert that into matter, you can get anything you want. The space that has become a true vacuum will swap with the space inside the cosmic hypersphere.”</p>

<p>I realized I missed a lot without taking notes. I understood that you can apparently extract energy from a vacuum, but I didn't understand the principle behind it.</p>

<p>As for the fifth-level civilization, she said, “I think they probably transcend time. They're likely not on the surface of our cosmic hypersphere but inside it. However, I have no idea what structure it might have.”</p>

<p>At this point, I didn't feel like asking about the meaning of a cosmic hypersphere.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>That afternoon, it seemed as if I was about to be made to engage in an intimate act with Beriche. Plume suggested she wanted to monitor it in real-time, and Beriche agreed with a comment like, “Oh, you're such a child.” However, I wasn't sure how to come to terms with this, so I refused to be intimate with Beriche. Of course, it's not that I dislike Beriche or that I'm trying to appease Plume. Hence, if I were to be asked again, I'm not confident I could say no properly.</p>

<p>In the end, Beriche operated the sensors that day, and Plume gave various instructions while watching the monitor, resulting in them performing the intimate act. Amid the awkward work, I somehow managed to fulfill my role, and there was an odd thrill in watching the two of them gaze at the swimming sperm that had been collected. Even though it's just my sperm swimming, I was delighted that they were so happy. But in fact, since this morning, my crucial part has been somewhat inflamed. The mucous membrane area appears to have a thin white layer on it, and it's itchy.</p>

<p>After it was over, they made a fuss over the organic matter readings, and then asked, “Can you be intimate with Judy?”</p>

<p>I've been asked this before. At that time, I thought they were asking about my view on romance, but now they're asking if I can cooperate with the experiment.</p>

<p>“You saw the video before, right? When Judy met you, she hadn't determined her gender yet. However, it seems like she has settled on being female after meeting you. She has quite noticeable breasts now. I think you two could be intimate.”</p>

<p>The Judy I saw in the video was a perfectly beautiful girl. Even her private parts were shamelessly exposed. The fact that her hormonal balance changed after meeting me, resulting in such transformation, gave me a sense of pride, a sense of relief as if I was recognized as a man, and I also felt a sense of responsibility. Rather, it was heavy.</p>

<p>“Intimacy for humans isn't such a simple matter,” I tried to refuse, but Beriche and Plume were checking the vital monitor and talking about various things during that time. Plume took off her choker and spoke something to Beriche only, laughing in a way that I couldn't hear. I guess my excitement at the thought of being intimate with Judy must have shown up in the readings. Even though I thought they were treating me as a human being, I wondered what this treatment was.</p>

<p>“But copulation means there is pregnancy and childbirth, ...” I said, puzzled, so she said “Whether it's an unfertilized egg or a fertilized egg, it's going to be born anyway, so it doesn't matter.” so matter-of-factly. Ah, I see. The difference in views on romance lies in that gap. Oviparity is more than I imagined.</p>

<p>Judy and I are different species. Judy is an oviparous mammal, meaning she gives birth and hatches eggs, and apparently raises her young on milk. The trouble is, I get excited imagining Judy warming her eggs. I'm not confident I can look at the eggs expelled through Judy's oviducts with a calm mind. But she's a different species and carries bacteria that don't exist on Earth, so the risk is high for me too. The same goes for being intimate with Plume, but it's different from the time when I was recklessly seeking without knowing anything. Honestly, I regret it as a youthful indiscretion.</p>

<p>After all, Plume talked about the normal flora before the act, but after it's over, there's no care at all. It's not a good experiment to respond to in the flesh, no matter how you think about it.</p>

<p>Still, my heart is moved. Even when Judy's gender was not confirmed, it took away my rationality. She was probably bred over a long period of time being kept by them, but her body shape, gestures, and the feel of her skin are all perfect in every way. Aside from being intimate, or even communicating for that matter, it would be enough just to live close to each other. It would even be okay to just take a friendly picture and send it to my senior.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next day, Plume shows me the results of the simulation. She said that she had manipulated my sperm so that it could fertilize Judy's egg.</p>

<p>She says, “You can fertilize Judy with this, but I want to try it directly with the sperm in your testicles.”</p>

<p>The story I'm writing is a tale of unrequited love with a woman from another civilization, but their story is turning into something like a biology department diary. The way they use the word “copulation” is too casual. I thought that if we could exchange words, it wouldn't be a “human and dog” relationship but a “human and human” one, but it's only become a “human and talking dog” relationship.</p>

<p>“Can I?” Plume asks, placing her hand on my pants. When I say nothing, Plume exposes her nape. The sweetest spot. She thinks I will comply quietly if she licks it. And I do lick it.</p>

<p>“But Plume, the rash on my body, it's beryllium poisoning, isn't it?” I ask.</p>

<p>“Yeah, probably so,” she replies.</p>

<p>No, it's not about “probably”.</p>

<p>While licking, she takes off my pants and presses some cold equipment against me. After the vibration, she pats me on the head and says, “You were a good boy.” Her voice is prodigal. I love Plume too.</p>

<p>Then we take a carriage to the stump house. The reins were taken by Adel, and Beriche, Plume, and I were in the cabin. Beriche and Plume were singing happily. An indescribable emptiness amidst these overwhelmingly blissful and melting days.</p>

<p>When we arrived at the stump house, Beriche immediately went in, picked up Judy, and brought her into the living room. She's adorable. My excitement, which I felt when she still didn't have a gender, wasn't wrong. My instinct knew. She was wearing a T-shirt, but I could tell her body has changed. Plume, checking my vitals in the background, exclaimed, “Wow!” I could feel that all kinds of secretions were being produced from various glands throughout my body.</p>

<p>Beriche puts Judy on the couch and gets her down on all fours. Judy looks at Beriche's face and at my face as she is made to do. She's cute. I could say it a hundred times. She's cute. Plume tells Beriche to take off my clothes while she undresses me, and Beriche makes Judy stand up and undress her in the same way.</p>

<p>It's the same as when my senior told me to go to the floating continent. I'm just pretending to be a bit reluctant because I want someone to push me forward. Now, even if I get rejected, depending on the circumstances, I can blame Plume and Beriche, even if Judy is a bit resistant.</p>

<p>I have nothing but contempt for myself like this.</p>

<p>No, even that is just a pose.</p>

<p>If I keep telling myself that I'm disgusted, I can stay on the side of being a proper human being. I think I'm calm now. I'm totally different compared to the day I first saw her. Even so, it feels like I can't hold back more now. If I can't stop even when I'm calm, then what is reason?</p>

<p>Judy has very nice legs. And, even though she is oviparous, she is a mammal.What should I do? Even what they point to when they say, “Look how big” are not that big. It belongs to a little girl, after all. To be honest, I feel guilty. But she wants it, too, and I'm sure we'll become a couple, and once the egg hatch, we'll raise them together. What is it that confuses me so much?</p>

<p>Plume pokes me in the back and pushes me toward the couch.“Now let's get started.” she said.</p>

<p>At the same time, Grandma appeared from the back. Grandma said something to Plume and walked out together. Beriche saw them off and sat down on the sofa and put naked Judy on her lap and stroked her hair.</p>

<p>Then she showed me her palm, “Wait.”</p>

<p>The sexless species is cruel.</p>

<p>“I don't want this anymore.”</p>

<p>I say it out loud, and Beriche turns to me. She seems to have heard me.</p>

<p>“You girls understand this, but I don't like having my sexuality played with. I've spent my whole life trying to figure out how to deal with this. I have failed many times because of this, and I will continue to do so. But I'm still going to live with it, even though it sometimes hijacks my ego.”</p>

<p>Beriche listens silently.</p>

<p>“I won't let this play with that.”</p>

<p>I said seriously, but Beriche took both of Judy's legs and alternately raised them to show me.</p>

<p>After a while, the old lady and Plume came back, and the old lady took Judy to the back. Plume and Beriche talked about something, urged me to get dressed, and left the Stump House while waiting for me. I thought it must be because the old lady had admonished them, but I couldn't ask.</p>

<p>“I'm sorry, Wheaty,” said Plume.</p>

<p>Was that for leaving me in complete limbo?</p>

<p>“I can't help but see you as a doggie.”</p>

<p>Yeah. I also become a dog when treated like one. If I can be loved that way, I guess it's fine. As I was thinking that, Plume sighed.</p>

<p>“I think you should go back to the ground.”</p>

<p>It was brought up suddenly. The old lady must have said something, but Plume switched gears quickly.</p>

<p>“Otherwise, I'll end up treating you like a dog again.”</p>

<p>“Wait. Hearing that suddenly is sad. I don't want to part with Plume.”</p>

<p>Plume shook her head.</p>

<p>“You have two choices.”</p>

<p>Two? Go back to the ground or become a dog?</p>

<p>“Either return to the ground using the paraglider in my room or seek protection from the invading military.”</p>

<p>Aren't both of them ground return routes?</p>

<p>“I want to stay here as a human being. I want to have a relationship where we respect each other.”</p>

<p>“I'm sorry. This is my selfishness. I can't see you as anything more than a doggie.”</p>

<p>Then it's okay to be a dog. I could build a home with Judy and live in the Stump House. And I can't abandon Judy. Just because I know she's not human, if I abandon her, wouldn't that mean I'm affirming the barrier of species? I want to believe that there's no such barrier. For me, Plume, Judy, and I are all on the same. It's not about whether I'm on Plume's side or Judy's side.</p>

<p>So...</p>

<p>“If it's okay to be with Judy...”</p>

<p>I said that initially, but I don't know what I'm trying to say.</p>

<p>“If it's okay to be with Judy, I'll return to the ground.”</p>

<p>No, I really don't want to go back. But if this is the condition, You can't refuse, can you? I feel a bit of a reaction after saying that.</p>

<p>But Plume's expression clouds over.</p>

<p>Plume took off her choker and threw it down on the seat. From my perspective, it clearly looks like jealousy, but is it not? Why, when you just tried to force me into an act a while ago?</p>

<p>Plume is clearly sulking, and Beriche is trying to calm her down with her voice.</p>

<p>Hey, Beriche, isn't that jealousy on Plume's part? Or is it not? Why does she want me to engage in acts with Judy even though she's jealous? I really don't understand.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next morning, Plume came into my room early and handed me the canopy and harness of the paraglider. She didn't say anything, but I understood that she meant for me to leave.</p>

<p>“The lines are tangled, and it won't fly as it is,” I tried to explain, but she replied, “We're already preparing the carriage,” and drove me out of the room without even folding it properly. As I imagine being thrown out into the hills where wolves are lurking, I feel more and more vulnerable. But my love for Plume has cooled now. She's crazy. I think such thoughts as I untangle the lines.</p>

<p>Soon, we arrive at the Stump House. I don't understand the intention. Upon entering the house, I find Judy and the elderly couple, and Plume and the old woman start talking about something. In the meantime, Judy and I are being entertained by the old man, but it's not like we can enjoy this situation. Still, I can't take my eyes off every move Judy makes.</p>

<p>After a while, the grandmother starts talking to me using an automatic translator.</p>

<p>“Do you really love Judy?”</p>

<p>What the hell.</p>

<p>I do like her, but it depends on what you mean. If you're asking if I like her more than Plume, then no. If you're asking if I like her as a person, then no. I like her in the sense that she's in a similar situation to me and has the same look as the cutest girl in our species, but I don't know if it's okay to call that liking. And what will happen if I say I like her? Will we be released into the wild together?</p>

<p>But the answer is binary: either I like her or I don't. I dream of running away with her, I tried to copulation her, there's no way I can say I don't like her.</p>

<p>“I like her.”</p>

<p>That's all I can say.</p>

<p>I saw Plume turn away. She must like Beriche, too. What's the difference between that and this? Why am I even worrying about this? I should just go back to the surface without worrying. I convinced myself earlier that she was crazy. While I'm on the verge of tears, the grandmother, Plume, and the grandfather are having a conversation. They're probably arranging to send Judy and me back to the surface.</p>

<p>Looking at Plume's attitude, I can only think it's a spiteful act. “If you two want to live together that much, feel free to do so,” she seems to say. Since we started having a conversation, I'm asked she about Judy several times, and each time she made a displeased face. I am treated as if “perverts with a sexual desire for dogs.” Of course, sexual desire is not zero. But even if it were 100 percent, what then? Even Plume is a dog fetishist, sniffing me all the time.</p>

<p>But I don't have time to worry. If I'm kicked out of here, I have to fly immediately or the wolves will attack. For now, I pick up Judy to check her weight.</p>

<p>The grandmother covers her face with both hands, tearful. Is she feeling something like “Oh these kids, they love each other so much.”? But it's not like that. I'm just trying to figure out how to survive.</p>

<p>She's not that heavy, but assuming she's 40kg, I'm 57kg, the canopy is 6kg, the harness is 3kg, that's a total of 106kg. That's 20kg over. Depending on the wind, I might have to have her cling to me for the 30 kilometers we need to fly. There's no helmet, no rescue parachute. I can't even hit an updraft over the sea. It's impossible. There's only enough means to get back to the surface for me alone.</p>

<p>As I'm thinking, I'm urged to go outside.</p>

<p>Plume, it's impossible after all.</p>

<p>I want to stay here.</p>

<p>You can hear me, can't you, Plume? Beriche, you're listening too, right?</p>

<p>In front of the Stump house, there's a modern... no, futuristic vehicle different from the wagon we came in. Judy and I are put in it. What about Plume?</p>

<p>Is Plume going to see us off here?</p>

<p>At least let me say goodbye.</p>

<p>The vehicle starts to move.</p>

<p>Looking back, I see Plume crouched down.</p>

<p>She's crying, isn't she.</p>

<p>Plume!</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The vehicle enters a forest I've never been in before. It crosses logs and streams with ease. It must be a hover-type car. No, that's not it either. It went through a tree. What is this? Along the way, there are places where military sentries are stationed, but we pass right through them as if they don't exist. Immediately after that, we arrive at what looks like a military base, either UN or US, I don't know, and there the door opens. There are several armed soldiers around, but none of them seem to notice us. Are they hiding with camouflage? Moreover, they must be silencing the sound, and in some cases, evading radar.</p>

<p>When Judy and I get off there, the soldiers around us finally seem to notice our presence and react all at once.</p>

<p>I raise both hands and desperately shout something like “<span class="JE">I am a japanese journalist, don't shoot, please help me.</span>”</p>

<p>I was made to lie down on the ground, and was rapidly questioned in English about my name, affiliation, and place of origin. As I answered the questions, I had no choice but to communicate desperately, “<span class="JE">She can not speak, but she is human, we are same human,</span>” I didn't even understand the grammar anymore.</p>

<p>The vehicle that should have been behind me is no longer there.</p>

<p>By the way, I left the paraglider in Plume's wagon.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_12">Chapter 12: Camp Fomalhaut</h3>

<p>There was a sight of a rotary-wing aircraft parked near the camp. Could it be from the U.S. military? I don't remember the distance from Guam anymore, but considering the round-trip range, it must have come from an aircraft carrier. It's a large, old-fashioned transport aircraft with six blades, something like a bump on each shoulder, a round nose.</p>

<p>After a brief physical examination, Judy and I were put into the cargo hold of that transport aircraft. Our hands were secured with yellow plastic belts, and a young soldier was assigned to monitor us. Judy had to be comforted and held by me all the time. There were bug bite marks on the soldier's nape. Like me three weeks ago, there's a dark red spot in the center and it's swollen over a wide area.</p>

<p>The inside of the transport plane was just like what I had seen in a movie. The smell of human sweat and a faint smell like a stove. Judy was completely frightened, just looking around blankly even when spoken to. “It's okay, Judy, it's okay,” I said several times, only to be warned by the watching soldier. All the soldiers we saw were wearing green camouflage uniforms and carrying rifles. I thought I could write an article if I knew the type of rifle, but I was warned again when I stared too long.</p>

<p>The fact that this aircraft was able to land without being shot down means that it's not impossible to bring in bombers as well. But the fighter I saw the other day was being intercepted. They might still be in the process of gathering information, but on the other hand, maybe even more troops are coming up. It's not like they're just coming up pinpoint to where I am, there must be a lot more of them, surely.</p>

<p>There was an eerie tension in the camp. Just the other day, I was being entertained by the people living here, traveling, singing songs. Now I'm among fellow Earthlings, only hanging my head in silence.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>After a while, a man in a military green uniform, not camouflage, came in. He had what seemed to be a medical chart in his hand, and when our eyes met, he showed the stethoscope hanging around his neck. The soldier who had been watching us stood up and saluted. There were a couple more soldiers waiting outside the cargo hold. I immediately understood that he was a military doctor and that he was going to check our conditions, but Judy was scared and avoided making eye contact.</p>

<p>The military doctor glanced at Judy and then turned to me, saying “Kon'nichiwa.”</p>

<p>Instinctively, I replied with “Kon'nichiwa,” but everything the doctor said after that was in English.</p>

<p>He showed the card hanging from his chest and introduced himself. His name was Aaron Charlet, his rank was written on it but I didn't understand. There was also a medical symbol on the card, a staff with a snake wrapped around it.</p>

<p>“I am Ken Terui. I came from Tokyo.”</p>

<p>I spoke in Japanese, even though I didn't think he would understand.</p>

<p>The doctor placed his finger under my eye and swayed a small flashlight from side to side. From the right eye to the left. Then he had me open my mouth, and when I did, he shone the light inside and peered in. He made me lift my chin and touched my cheekbone, checked my pulse, used his stethoscope, then nodded and wrote something in the chart.</p>

<p>Then he showed me a small toolbox and asked me something.</p>

<p>He showed his own arm, pointed to the inside of his elbow, and made a gesture of drawing blood with a syringe.</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">Yes, I'm okay.</span>”</p>

<p>When I nodded, the doctor slowly opened the toolbox and showed me a syringe. When I held out my restrained arm, he took a plastic case from his belt. When he opened the lid, there was a small cutter and the same restraints that were on my hand. He cut off my restraints with the cutter, hummed a tune as he prepared to draw blood, and deftly collected my blood. As I was rubbing my freed wrist, he smiled at me and then turned his eyes to Judy. There was clear panic in Judy's eyes, and she screamed when the doctor stepped in front of her.</p>

<p>“Judy! It's okay! He's not a bad guy!”</p>

<p>I tried to reassure her, but my voice only seemed to make Judy's panic worse. The soldier pushed me aside and moved closer to Judy, stepping between her and the doctor. The soldiers who had been waiting outside also stepped in, but the doctor had them step back.</p>

<p>“The check-up can wait.”</p>

<p>He was probably saying something like that, but seeing Judy still in a panic, the doctor gave me a glance.</p>

<p>“Judy, Judy,”</p>

<p>I spoke softly, lowered my posture, and tapped on the floor while moving closer to her. I wondered how I could calm Judy down. I showed her by pressing my lips to my wrist.</p>

<p>It's a sweet spot. You'd like to lick it, wouldn't you?</p>

<p>Just like that day, when I take her hand, it's trembling and her wrists are chafed and congested from the restraints. I slowly let her touch my body, tell her it's okay, nothing nasty is going to happen, and when I hold her close, she starts sucking on my neck, and then she becomes incontinent.</p>

<p>What am I going to do about this?</p>

<p>It's not a human reaction by any means, the military doctor must have realized.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The smell of the forest, the smell of the soil, blows through like a gust. The smell of the stove might be from this aircraft's engine. When mixed with the smell of sweat, it brings to mind a winter training camp. Then there is a strange odor, indescribable since her incontinence.</p>

<p>Judy's restraints were never removed. But it was good that the blood draw was postponed. If a blood draw had been conducted, it would have been confirmed that she was not human.</p>

<p>The floor was lightly cleaned and disinfected, but if someone tried to change her clothes, it would be revealed that she has no navel, and I doubted that Judy herself could dress.</p>

<p>While giving the soldiers a look, I put my jacket on Judy. Seeing this, one of the soldiers said, “Wait,” and brought out two outfits that looked like examination gowns. His English was fast and I could hardly understand it, but it seemed like he was saying that normally, he would have to help us change, but it didn't seem feasible, so he was asking me to do it.</p>

<p>The soldier sat on a chair and looked away.</p>

<p>Confused but changing into the new clothes, I looked like someone about to be hospitalized, or someone going for a medical check-up. It was easy to move in, but the lack of a snug fit was unsettling. The clothes I took off were packed into a bag and sealed, then placed into a laundry box. Next was Judy.</p>

<p>Without removing the restraints, it was impossible to take off her top, but for now, I remembered how Plume used to help me change, bent down, and placed her hand on my shoulder.</p>

<p>She is calm when sucking my neck. The shorts I took off have a mucousy substance on them, and it emit a sour and strange odor that is not human. This was the strange smell that had been wafting from earlier. If this too is analyzed, it will be known that it is not human.</p>

<p>How long will I continue to lie? Eventually, I will have to be lowered to the ground. I just have to give my name, address, and affiliation, and my family or someone from the company will verify my identity and I can eventually return to my place of residence. Then what about her?</p>

<p>Judy is a beautiful girl. But now, when I take down her underwear, I don't think anything of it. I don't even want to see her bare skin now. The alien thing in my hands, the mimic thing, it seems to me like an insect mimicking a human being, and it even frightens me.</p>

<p>If I will to go down to earth with her, I would have to spend my entire lives with this unintelligible creature. Of course, I could leave her to some laboratory and throw her out. Perhaps that would be the initiation for my return to earth. Will I accept that, I wonder.</p>

<p>I don't even know what her bodily fluids contain. I am so fed up that I don't even want to touch her now, but when my life returns to normal, I may want to touch her skin again, and I may even want to copulate with her. If so, it is not love, but a curse.</p>

<p>The soldier seemed to be receiving outside contact via radio.</p>

<p>The soldier came over and removed Judy's restraints as well.</p>

<p>I held Judy, who smelled strange, and let her lick my neck and look at her buttocks, which I had changed into medical pants.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Soon, we were taken off the transport aircraft. The restraints were gone. We were moved to a tent, where there were simple medical supplies and two beds prepared. A soldier handed us portable food rations. Pointing to the back of the ration package, it seemed like he was saying, “The instructions on how to open and eat are written here, so eat it by yourself.” He pointed to the water dispenser in the corner of the room, made a gesture of drinking water from a cup, and then gave a thumbs up saying, “Ah, that was good, I'm satisfied now.” By the way, this person also had several insect bites. I think my insect bites were probably treated by Plume and the others. I haven't been bitten since then, but I don't know what will happen to these people's insect bites. I even get the feeling that, in the worst case, all of these people could die.</p>

<p>Speaking of which, I had forgotten to ask about the location of the toilet, but I shouldn't take Judy to the toilet. However, if we are allowed this much freedom, it might be safer to just take care of business outside with Judy.</p>

<p>When I opened the portable food, Judy seemed interested and watched. I ate partway and when I handed it to Judy, she also ate it. Judy was watching the surroundings, but when I lay down on the bed, she curled up next to me.</p>

<p>Judy isn't human. I know that, but as I watch her dozing in my arms, my affection for her grows. That emotion is no longer for a human. I wonder if it's close to what Plume felt for me.</p>

<p>“It's okay,”</p>

<p>I wrapped my arm around her and fell asleep without even knowing who fell asleep first.</p>

<p>I think it's been less than two hours since then. When I woke up, Judy, who was sleeping next to me, was being drawn blood.</p>

<p>I thought it was a mistake, but I couldn't brush that hand away. She might go wild if she wakes up. Judy was sound asleep, which made me a little anxious. Perhaps there was a sleeping pill in the ration. But I wonder if there's such a thing as unopened ration with sleeping pills.</p>

<p>After the blood draw, I pulled my arm out from under Judy's head and got up from the bed. Then another soldier appeared. The soldier guided me to another building.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>A gentle-faced officer invited me in and spoke to me.</p>

<p>“Hello, Ken Terui. This is Colonel Eugene Williams, the commander of Camp Fomalhaut.”</p>

<p>A voice came from the radio.</p>

<p>Could it be that they found a Japanese interpreter remotely? It's only been a few hours since I was rescued, and they're quick. There were two other soldiers in the room, and when the colonel introduced their ranks and names, the soldiers saluted, the colonel nodded slightly, extended his right hand to me, shook hands firmly, and urged me to sit down.</p>

<p>“Mr. Terui”</p>

<p>“Terui-san”</p>

<p>The colonel's words were constantly rephrased by the interpreter on the other side of the radio. It started with the colonel's small talk.</p>

<p>“I have an acquaintance who lives in Japan. Do you know a place called Nagasaki? It also appeared in Gulliver's Travels.”</p>

<p>The simultaneous interpretation is a complete literal translation. I wasn't sure if the claim that Gulliver had been to Nagasaki was a joke or a misunderstanding, but for now, I have an acquaintance from Nagasaki, but I haven't been there. Did Gulliver also visit Nagasaki? I ask, but, “I heard it secondhand. He went there in his later years.” Again, I get a reply that I can't tell if it's a joke or a misunderstanding.</p>

<p>“Do you have a brilliant detective novelist on your team?”</p>

<p>I'm a little puzzled by the question, but it seems to be the colonel's idea of a joke.</p>

<p>Apparently, I was always marked as trying to ascend to the floating continent, and they had been following my movements on the day, but the plan was a day ahead of the date the military had anticipated, and four teams, including me, had set off as decoys, and they couldn't handle all of them.</p>

<p>I inadvertently swallowed the interpreter's words “including you,” but their meaning rose like stomach acid. And, the word “decoy.”</p>

<p>“Was I... a decoy?”</p>

<p>“Yes, the real team was an elite unit arranged by a U.S. newspaper with wingsuits, equipped with the most reliable equipment, but we captured them all.”</p>

<p>Oh... I see. The decoy had invaded, that's what they meant. No wonder the plan was sloppy. A single leaf for 800 million. I thought I was expected to perform as a journalist, that's why I could keep going, but I was just a pawn. I heard from Plume that the military was calling me a decoy, and I even thought it was something to be proud of. So, that's what they meant.</p>

<p>“That's enough. I want to go home.”</p>

<p>Those were the only words that came out.</p>

<p>The colonel said he understood, and that they would send me back down in a transport later, but before that, he wanted me to listen to a little more of the story.</p>

<p>I wondered how much I should tell them, but if I carelessly withheld information now, they wouldn't listen to me later. Besides, now that they know I arrived here alone three weeks ago, I can't deny having had contact with the people here during that time, and I'll have to tell them sooner or later that Judy is not a human.</p>

<p>“Please tell us where you've spent these past three weeks, as much as you can remember,” the voice from the radio requested, and the colonel looked at me intently.</p>

<p>I was tired of everything and told them everything, except for a part.</p>

<p>The part I left out was about Judy. I decided to say that she was a person who, like me, had come from the ground and had been taken in by another family. This was exactly the impression I had when I met Judy. The other thing I didn't mention was my relationship with Plume. I considered this to be my private matter, so I didn't think I needed to tell them. And, the location of Plume's house. When shown a map, I could easily identify the spot corresponding to the small lake, but I feigned uncertainty. I told them everything else.</p>

<p>I particularly emphasized Hyanorl's technological prowess. Their cultural level was what they called the fourth-level, and Earth's military power at the second-level was completely outmatched. They could extract an almost infinite amount of energy instantly from anywhere, they could move through space at will, and their medical technology was exceptional. If a war broke out, humanity would be finished. Just as my military-obsessed senior had said.</p>

<p>After a moment of thought, the colonel opened his mouth.</p>

<p>“Would you be willing to serve as our negotiator if we were to negotiate with them?”</p>

<p>Of course, I thought I should be. But right now, my spirits are too low.</p>

<p>The appearance of the floating continent inflicted a major wound on Earth. And it is still ongoing. Changes in the weather are likely to increase. Crops will fail, and the effects will last for a long time. But then, I thought that the Plumes could save Earth from this crisis... and I suddenly became anxious. The Plumes showed no interest in lower civilizations, and they even said that they wouldn't care if humans or animals died out. Of course, I couldn't tell the colonel that.</p>

<p>“They are not a warlike species. I believe we can negotiate,” I simply relayed.</p>

<p>The fear of war is always unfounded. Once you surpass that fear, it won't stop. If I said that a war between Earth and Hyanorl was imminent, it would be nothing more than a groundless fear, yet at the same time, it could pull the trigger.</p>

<p>Hey, Plume. What would you do if a war broke out? You have the power to wipe out humanity in an instant, and I'm sure there's no law to punish you for it. It's just that there's no need to actively eradicate us right now.</p>

<p>“Mr. Terui, I appreciate your cooperation.”</p>

<p>Upon hearing those words after finishing our conversation, I felt a sense of relief.</p>

<p>“I heard your sister lives in Gamagori.”</p>

<p>The colonel's conversation shifted back to small talk.</p>

<p>“She has a two-year-old niece. Is she well?”</p>

<p>Upon hearing those words, I realized this was not just small talk.</p>

<p>“She often plays with the bird that your lost lover used to keep. she has even learned to say the bird's name. What is her name?”</p>

<p>A fear of the unknown made my fingers tremble.</p>

<p>“Plume.”</p>

<p>I desperately tried to suppress the trembling in my voice. He might have been asking for my niece's name. No, this was just intimidation, the question didn't have any meaning.</p>

<p>“Had you returned as planned on that day or the next, my superior would have lost his position. There are many within the military who are not pleased with your return.”</p>

<p>I see. That's how it was. The 800 million wasn't for my reporting expenses, but to bring down this man's superior, perhaps even the President of the United States. There was no guarantee I would even receive it properly. I was just being used. And I was one of the pawns to be sacrificed. There's too much information to process all of a sudden.</p>

<p>“We will soon be signing a contract for our mutual safety, specifying what each of us can disclose. We will also need your family to sign as guarantors.”</p>

<p>The colonel's interrogation concluded in about an hour.</p>

<p>The interview with the colonel himself would only be this time, and I was told that from next time, the soldier he introduced earlier would take over. When that happens, a Japanese-translated agenda will be prepared in advance, the interpretation will be conducted by a team of three, and an opportunity to talk with my parents will also be arranged soon.</p>

<p>“We will end the interview now, as the interpreter's working hours are approaching.”</p>

<p>The interpreter translated the colonel's joke verbatim, and when the colonel left the room, I could tell that the tension of the two soldiers in the room had relaxed.</p>

<p>Another soldier was standing at the entrance of the room, waiting for me to leave.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>When I returned to the room, Judy was nowhere to be found. Seeing a cup from the water dispenser scattered about, I immediately realized that Judy must have caused a commotion.</p>

<p>“Judy!”</p>

<p>I call out, but there's no response. A soldier, looking suspicious, quickly steps in, but I can't understand what he's saying.</p>

<p>“Bring back the interpreter from before!”</p>

<p>As I try to push past the soldier and return to the Colonel's room, the situation suddenly becomes chaotic. Maybe I made a mistake. That thought quickly crosses my mind, but then, what should I do?</p>

<p>“Judy!”</p>

<p>There was a girl here!</p>

<p>I point to the bed.</p>

<p>“Where is she!”</p>

<p>As I say this, my arm is grabbed, and I am pushed onto the bed.</p>

<p>A prick of pain runs through the nape of my neck, and my consciousness starts to fade.</p>

<div class="sepalator">*</div>

<p>“Peep, peep, peep, tweet, tweet, tweet.”</p>

<p>“It was only when she was a fledgling that she dozed off in my hand. As she grew a bit larger, she completely grew apart from her owner.” Saying that, my loved one uploaded a video to YouTube and added comments. She tied a string to prevent Plume, who was perched on the back of a chair, from chewing it. She opened the blinds, and Plume gazed out the window at the scenery outside.</p>

<p>When the nearby elementary school's speaker played “Oborozukiyo,” she let Plume perch on her finger and hummed along.</p>

<p>For some reason, I feel like I can understand Plume's words from that time. “I'm hungry,” “I'm bored,” and more complex and delicate concepts that only a bird could understand. It's as if she's warning me that a major issue related to spatial recognition in the air is affecting the future of her and me.</p>

<p>One day, when I came home from school, she was crying that Plume had been injured. She didn't know why, maybe Plume had gotten stuck between the cage and the swing and had struggled. Plume was mending her drooping wing with her beak.</p>

<p>“If I had known this would happen, I wouldn't have put a swing in there.”</p>

<p>“But we can't be sure that the swing was the cause yet.”</p>

<p>“Peep, peep, peep, peep, peep.”</p>

<p>“Tweet, tweet.”</p>

<p>She had longed for the distant sky. Even if I hadn't put in a swing, that unfulfilled longing would have eventually broken her wings.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>When I woke up, it was already night. There was a restraint on my wrist. It was a specialized tool, like a thick, yellow nylon cord. I stared at it, realizing that these were used nowadays instead of handcuffs. But with this, I could use the water dispenser, eat rations, and even use the bathroom. It might not interfere with my daily life.</p>

<p>I couldn't see Judy. She might have been confined because she made a fuss. But if she had run away, she probably couldn't survive in this forest. I had promised her grandmother that I would make her happy. Even though we had made Plume so sad, Judy and I had ventured out together.</p>

<p>I drank some water and went outside to use the toilet. A guard tried to send me back inside, but I explained with gestures that I needed to go to the toilet and managed to get out. The surveillance was loose. I was restrained, but there was no point in running away in the middle of the forest.</p>

<p>While I was in the toilet, I could hear the roar of a rotorcraft approaching. When I went outside, I saw the transport plane that had been there during the day landing. I wondered when it had left. And it was returning in the middle of the night.</p>

<p>Suddenly, I thought, Plume. Judy might still be alive somewhere now, but that might not be the case tomorrow.</p>

<p>I couldn't do anything without removing the restraint, but I decided to watch the rotorcraft instead of going back to my room. Containers that were about to be loaded were lined up near the aircraft, and I instinctively thought that Judy might be in one of them.</p>

<p>“Judy!”</p>

<p>Calling out was useless as everything was drowned out by the sound of the six-bladed rotor, and even if Judy responded, I wouldn't know. Still,</p>

<p>“Judy!”</p>

<p>I kept calling out, and the soldier who was watching me noticed. If I kept this up, I would be sedated again. But I had to do what I could. I whistled with my fingers, twice, three times, calling Judy's name. Immediately, two soldiers restrained me. Despite shaking my body left and right, their firm arms would not let go. One of the containers seemed to sway. I thought I heard a shriek from inside. The next moment, the engine sound of the transport plane disappeared, the rotor stopped, and the soldiers' work paused. It was as if time had stopped.</p>

<p>What on earth had happened? As I stared at the container, the space in front of it seemed to open up as if it had been cut out. It was probably the transparent vehicle that had been used to bring it here. As I watched, the container also became transparent at some point, and I could see Judy inside. Judy was tied up, her hands and feet bound, and she was slumped over. Inside the transparent vehicle were the old man and woman. They quickly closed the door after helping Judy, and the vehicle disappeared without a trace.</p>

<p>Once the sequence of movements settled, the soldiers began to move frantically again. Everyone was confused. Some were contacting their superiors, some were checking the containers, and some were starting to investigate the traces on the spot.</p>

<p>I felt the prick of a needle in my shoulder area again, and my consciousness started to fade.</p>

<p>I'm sorry, grandma. I'm sorry for what happened to Judy.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next day, I woke up on the bed, fully restrained. Did they think I had somehow contacted them? Did they think my whistling was a signal? That's a joke. If I could communicate, I would have done it from the beginning. And then, I suddenly noticed Beriche next to me.</p>

<p>Why?</p>

<p>As I was puzzled, Beriche began to speak.</p>

<p>“Judy was rescued by Mdere and Verda. She was injured, but she's been treated.”</p>

<p>I'm glad. So, the old man and woman are Mdere and Verda.</p>

<p>“Judy has been terrified all this time. She doesn't even try to eat.”</p>

<p>Yeah, I'm sorry. I think it's my fault.</p>

<p>“Judy is a doggie, but if the higher-ups decide that you can't distinguish between doggies and us and that you did it to show your intention to attack us, we will take appropriate action. I came to give you that warning.”</p>

<p>“Do you mean a war?”</p>

<p>“No, it won't come to that. We will only eliminate the military organization among you. The means have not been decided yet, but you can assume it will be peaceful.”</p>

<p>Eliminate peacefully...? If that's really possible, it might be a good idea. Those who join the army must be prepared for the consequences, and as long as there is an army, whether we win or lose, we can't complain.</p>

<p>But suddenly remembering the face of the military doctor, I pleaded, “There are also good people in the army...” Beriche frowned, asking, “There are, and what?” I see. People of a different civilization don't make assumptions.</p>

<p>“I want you not to harm the good people in the army,” I said, and Beriche tilted her head.</p>

<p>“We are not eliminating because they are bad, and I don't think we use the words 'good' and 'bad' towards people. Is that wrong?”</p>

<p>That's right. Beriche, like Plume, has different values from me.</p>

<p>“Whether they are good or bad, their lives will be snuffed out painlessly in an instant. It's not harmful, and it doesn't mean anything more than the end of the experience called life,” Beriche said. But you know, humans fear the end of that experience called life. We don't want to die.</p>

<p>“You guys also acquired immortality because you don't want to die, right?” I asked, and Beriche answered indifferently, “Death and immortality are not opposing concepts. Whether you hate death or not, it's just that immortality becomes technically possible.”</p>

<p>“Death isn't the opposite of immortality?”</p>

<p>“For example, a house deteriorates, decays, and becomes uninhabitable. That's death. But if people live in this house, manage it, and continue to repair it, they can keep living in it forever. That's immortality. The motive is 'wanting to live comfortably', and immortality is only a result of that.”</p>

<p>So, I'm talking about not wanting to die as a result.</p>

<p>“Trying to control the result is not good. You're just anxious because you can't imagine death, but in reality, once you die, the subject of experience disappears. The desire to 'live' also disappears. There is no problem anywhere.”</p>

<p>No, I don't understand where there is no problem. If I say I don't want to die, I don't want to die. Nobody does.</p>

<p>“Isn't death and falling asleep the same in terms of personal experience? Where is the reason to fear only death?”</p>

<p>Are death and sleep the same?</p>

<p>“If you don't care that much about life, what's the reason for avenging us?” I asked back without thinking. I might have sounded a bit strong. But still, Beriche answers calmly.</p>

<p>“It's not about revenge. We just like the order of this universe. Even if we disappear, we just don't want to break that order.”</p>

<p>“I'm not against order either. But I wonder if it's wrong to say that order is more important than life.”</p>

<p>“It's not life. Thinking of it as life makes it an individual problem. It's 'existence'. 'Existence' itself is order, and it is both individual and collective.”</p>

<p>My conversations with Beriche always seem to be parallel lines. And there's no point in having such a debate. Pulling down my hat, sighing, I tried to ask about the feelings that had settled in my heart.</p>

<p>“Did Plume say anything about me?”</p>

<p>“Frare didn't say anything. I think we might have another unstable period for a while.”</p>

<p>“I see.”</p>

<div class="ins">
“Peep, peep, peep, tweet, tweet, tweet.”
</div>

<p>I can hear Plume's voice from the time when she was a parakeet echoing in my heart.</p>

<p>“I'm also worried. I'm afraid she might make an extreme choice.”</p>

<p>Beriche doesn't say anything.</p>

<p>“I think you're probably what we would call Plume's lover in Earth's terms. So you would be more concerned about Plume than anyone else, and you may not like me intervening, but I'm fine being a dog. Even as a dog, I want to be by her side and make her feel that life isn't a bad thing.”</p>

<p>“I see.”</p>

<p>As far as I can tell from her expression, my words aren't getting through.</p>

<p>“But you'll die without living a hundred years, right?”</p>

<p>That hurts to hear.</p>

<p>“We'll continue to live forever after that. The necessities for living are supplied forever. It's just a hundred years within that, isn't it? You might love Frare, but are you okay with dedicating your life for just a moment of her joy?”</p>

<p>Honestly, I don't know. I thought I would grow up, get married, have children, and build a family. I thought I would have grandchildren and become a grandfather, and that kind of life was waiting for me.</p>

<p>“Enjoy your once-in-a-lifetime life to the fullest.”</p>

<p>I heard that often when I was a child, and so I thought that I would join the best company, marry the cutest girl, and build the happiest family than anyone else. Even after going through high school and college, realizing that my grades weren't something to boast about and that my job prospects were limited, I still thought that my life is once-in-a-lifetime and I have to live it carefully and become happy, but I...</p>

<p>“I want to dedicate that to Plume.”</p>

<p>It's frustrating, but Plume is your lover. I don't have the slightest intention of getting in between you two, who are toying with me like a biology club diary. Still, Plume enjoys it when I'm around, right? If that's the case, I'm okay with being just a part of Plume. I'm okay with being a fleeting moment in an eternal life. I want to live as a piece of Plume's memory and die within it.</p>

<p>“Then make me a promise.”</p>

<p>A promise?</p>

<p>“Decline properly when you don't want to do something.”</p>

<p>But if I decline, I feel like I might upset her.</p>

<p>“Feel like? What?”</p>

<p>I can't live if I upset Plume.</p>

<p>“That's the opposite of what you said earlier. In that case, you should go back to the surface.”</p>

<p>No, that's not it. I just don't understand Plume well, so I don't know how to interact with her properly. For instance, what does Plume think of me and Judy? Wasn't that jealousy?</p>

<p>“It's not jealousy. She just wants to turn a blind eye to her own foolishness.”</p>

<p>Her own foolishness?</p>

<p>“Yes. So even if she's hurt, it's not your fault.”</p>

<p>I can't quite grasp the conversation, and I lose my words.</p>

<p>“Is this conversation difficult, I wonder?”</p>

<p>When I woke up, I realized the restraints that had been holding my whole body were gone, and it was just sleep paralysis. The restraints on my arms were also gone, leaving only the congested red streaks. I felt a bit hungry and remembered there were rations in my room. Speaking of which, there was also a water server. I might be able to remove that tank. All I need now is a backpack.</p>

<p>I guess it started from middle school. I've always been dragged around by my sexual desire, sometimes even twisting my own beliefs to justify it. Adolescence is just a mass of stupidity. Considering that personality is formed during such a period, all humans are stupid.</p>

<p>I kind of understand what Beriche said about realizing one's own foolishness and being hurt by it. Because I'm the same. Nothing hurts me more than my own foolishness. But if someone else, not me, is also hurt by their own foolishness, how can I notice it? How can I save them?</p>

<p>I guess my adventure probably ended when I returned to this camp. The ending might be a bestseller, or it might be execution by shooting. Either way, I think I was okay with it.</p>

<p>But before that, I need to find the answer to that small question.</p>

<p>How can I notice when someone else is hurting?</p>

<p>Compared to the fate of the Earth, it's an insignificant, trivial answer. But still.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_13">Chapter 13: Downdraft</h3>

<p>While looking at Wheaty's data, I noticed that some of my internal data was included. However, it's a composition I've never seen before. Considering the immune system of Hyanorl, Wheaty's RNA has no potential to invade me. The origin is unknown. Moreover, it's likely self-replicating inside my body.</p>

<p>For safety's sake, I also took Beriche's data and found the same. There are roughly 30 types of new proliferative RNAs. Two types are rapidly mutating, and simulations show that if left untreated, they will acquire an envelope in 17 days and be released outside the body. In other words, an unknown virus is being produced inside our bodies.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>“Madeley and Verda want to dissolve their family relationship. Our life here may be coming to an end,” says my mother, Tzidi.</p>

<p>“Is it because of me?”</p>

<p>“I don't think so. You know, the infantry is coming up from the surface, right? That couple has been managing the defense system, and they never seemed too interested in a Druid-like lifestyle. It might just be the right time.”</p>

<p>Soon after, my mother rented a studio in the capital and moved most of the equipment there. She no longer sleeps over here, only occasionally checking the image of the song in the sunroom. She's enjoying shopping and sightseeing she hadn't done before, as if savoring the end of a short vacation.</p>

<p>No, what she's enjoying might not be the end of the vacation, but rather the final moments of the 300 years we spent as a family. She even unusually invited me for a walk, knowing that once we leave here, we'll become strangers to each other. Beriche might remain my friend, but I'll lose everything else.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The fact that we allowed Earthlings to infiltrate the periphery has led to an expanded search range throughout the continent, which will prevent further intrusions. Similarly, we probably won't allow another missile attack to hit, and the aircraft that tried to take Judy away last night will be the last one to invade.</p>

<p>As a result, the forces coming up from the ground will be cut off from their supplies and isolated. From an animal welfare perspective, it would be desirable to protect them and return them to the surface, but they do have a culture of their own. If we are to make contact, we would need a domestic agreement, but progress on that is slow because their cultural practices have been kept secret.</p>

<p>The research conducted during interstellar travel is automated, and only a handful of researchers look at the reports. Plus, I think the upper echelons noticed the time discrepancy right after the continental shift. As a result, information about the Earthlings never comes down. Few people know that Earthlings look like doggies due to such reasons, and once they do find out, there's no shortage of those who want to tame a doggie that hasn't yet been adopted. They want to feed them, make them dependent, and use them as an outlet for their desire to love and to heal their hunger for being loved. Just like how I trained Wheaty.</p>

<p>In a few days, the troops that had landed on the periphery will start to march aimlessly. Without supplies or a retreat route, their only chance of survival is to rely on us or overpower us. Fortunately for them, Reiners Town Street is inside the same defense grid as their camp. As long as they don't cross that grid, they won't be attacked by the system.</p>

<p>While all of us living here do reside in a town built by Druids, or nature-lovers, over several generations, we are Hyanorls with fourth-level scientific abilities. With just one stylus, we could annihilate their forces.</p>

<p>The ground forces that have landed are divided into three camps, totaling about 80. They have light vehicles and small arms, and while they're not equipped enough to wage a war, they do have the power to threaten and destroy the lifestyle we inherited from the Druids.</p>

<p>We don't want to give up this town. Everyone living here feels the same. We can create new things as much as we want, but we can't create old things. Even if it's slightly damaged, it's irreversible. That's why people start to escape to other places or even to other planets with their houses. Once that happens, it's over. Culture is a “group.” There are houses with roles within that group, connected to other houses through roads, and those functions and lifestyles become the names of towns and streets. That's what we've lost and what we're looking for.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The first wave.</p>

<p>A pair, waving a white flag and holding their hands over their heads, appear near the mansion. They're dressed in green camouflage similar to the uniform worn by Captain Elunart when he visited. They're unarmed, and their helmets of the same color as their clothes are fitted with old-fashioned cameras. The flag and their pose likely represent their intention to surrender. They seem a bit scared when they see me. Their bodies are covered in numerous insect bites, and one of them has a rash all over.</p>

<p>They present some sort of document.</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">What is it?</span>”</p>

<p>When I ask in the only Earth language I know, Japanese, a puzzled look appears on the soldiers' faces. However, accepting it might raise their expectations. I decline it and ask,</p>

<p>“<span class="JE">Did the young man named Ken return to earth?</span>”</p>

<p>Upon hearing this, the soldier with the rash collapses on the spot. Monitoring his vitals, I realize that he doesn't have much time left. Of course, I could save his life if I wanted to, just like when I picked up Wheaty. There's no need to stick to first-level technology disguised as such, and I know all about the types of serum and cell culture methods. But I see no reason to save him.</p>

<p>One of the young men, utterly lost, retraced his steps, but his life, too, won't last long. As expected, the fallen soldier drew his last breath on the spot by evening, his corpse left there.</p>

<p>In the times of the Druids, the bugbear living in the cabin might have been sent to dispose of it. I check with the upper level, asking if it's okay to send the body of the Earthling back to Earth. The answer is yes. I immediately teleport the remains to the ship docked below. The head is still intact, and depending on their technology, they might still be able to revive him. Even if that's not possible, he will surely be given a proper burial, and his family will be notified.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The second wave consisted of about eight individuals accompanied by a light vehicle. All of them had rashes, presumably from insect bites. They broke through the back door while I was in my room and started rummaging through the living room for food. Beriche and the others who were downstairs immediately returned to their home in the capital from the shelter room.</p>

<p>My sadness only deepens. Would it have turned out differently if I had accepted the letter and had a discussion? While they are rummaging through the rooms, I inquire if I can teleport them back to Earth, but the answer is no.</p>

<p>Every living being has its own will. First and foremost, we must respect that. On top of that, we need confirmation that they are Earthlings. I understand what is being said, but it means leaving them to die.</p>

<p>“What are you planning to do, Frare?” Beriche calls from the capital.</p>

<p>“What are the soldiers doing now?”</p>

<p>“Three of them are lounging in the living room, the rest are rummaging through the rooms. One is getting very close to your room.”</p>

<p>I receive the footage that Beriche is monitoring remotely and confirm it myself.</p>

<p>“It's dangerous, why don't you come over here?”</p>

<p>“But I want to try talking to them.”</p>

<p>“Your Japanese won't get through to them. Besides, the system properly recognizes the rifles they carry as weapons. The moment they aim at you, they will be shot through with a neutral particle beam.” As he says this, the door opens and a soldier reflexively raises his gun. The particle cannon, hidden by camouflage, explodes.</p>

<p>“Phew,” comes Beriche's voice from the other side of the monitor. “Oh, by the way, I also had the system recognize hatchets as weapons.”</p>

<p>At the same time as the downstairs becomes noisy, the sound of the neutral particle cannon exploding like thunder reverberates throughout the mansion. I confirm the sound of eight shots. It may indeed be time to move on from here.</p>

<p>Since this incident, the three of us - my mother and her apprentice - have spent our days in a hotel and studio in the capital. The eight bodies left in our home are sent to the deck of a ship anchored at sea. The first floor is in shambles, with glass shattered everywhere - perhaps the soldiers panicked and fired their guns in fear. As I touch the handle of the front door, I can vividly see the faces of those who lived in this house. If I open this door and enter the room with a smile, there is only a pile of rubble left. I touch each object - the handrail of the stairs, the edge of the wallpaper, the scratches on the table - collecting memories. I will remember, all sorts of things: the creaking floorboards of the stairs, the rich embroidery of the curtains, even the fraying of their threads.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>And then came the third wave. Exhausted from cleaning up the room, I went outside to find a young man dressed in dirty black clothes, limping along the edge of the lake. Seeing him, tears welled up in my eyes. It was Wheaty. Wheaty, he was alive. Today, for once, it was me who ran to Wheaty.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>“I'm glad you made it back,” I managed to pronounce simple words even without the choker, albeit awkwardly. Wheaty listened to my clumsy words with a smile. I then put on the choker and asked him why he hadn't descended to the surface.</p>

<p>Not fully grasping the situation on Earth, I was confused, and after asking several questions, I finally understood that basically he had conflicts with the military and was not free, and his position worsened as he tried to protect Judy. But above all, he said, “More than anything, I wanted to be by Frare's side,” and I thought my heart would squeeze tight. And he called me by my name, Frare, not Plume. I thought he must have pondered a lot.</p>

<p>When I said, “I was treating you like a pet, you know?” he responded, “Even so, I was able to spend a rich time.”</p>

<p>Wheaty looked around the mansion and was as shocked as I was. Just like I did, he placed his hand on the wall, stroked the pillars, and dropped his eyes on the extinguished fireplace, as if trying to feel the presence of the people who used to live there. Watching him, I couldn't think of him as a person who stayed at the second-level.</p>

<p>My room is the same as it was, and from the data room, you can quickly get to where the family is in the capital.</p>

<p>“Well, the family will be gone soon though,” I said.</p>

<p>Our notion of family is different from that of the people of Earth. For us, the family represents the nostalgia we've lost. This mansion, too, is a historical site that records the history of the family we lost in exchange for immortality.</p>

<p>A long time ago, we transitioned to a third-level civilization, which is a civilization that derives energy from waves. We were able to convert radio waves, light, sound, waves, earthquakes, and wind into energy, and essentially developed scientific technology using this infinite energy, attaining immortality at the cellular level.</p>

<p>In other words, we stopped growing then. The structure of our brains hasn't changed at all. Even after gaining eternal life and forgetting memories with our families, there is a gaping hole left. I think that filling this hole is our life's journey. That's why, from time to time, naturalists like druids appear, giving up their immortality and beginning an old-fashioned way of life... but as time passes, they again yearn for immortality. We are perpetually repeating ourselves from eight hundred thousand years ago.</p>

<p>“When I play a family role, I usually take on the role of a daughter. With hormone adjustments, I can be any age, so I choose the generation I like. Next, I think I want to play the role of grandparents.”</p>

<p>Upon hearing these casual words, Wheaty responded, “Then, I'm replacing Judy for you.”</p>

<p>“But I can no longer see you purely as a pet,” I told him. Even though I said this, I have done terrible things until now, and I don't think he can trust me. But when I said, “Wheaty is already a part of me”, he immediately replied, “For me too, Frare is a part of me.” But it's different. It's not just a metaphor, half of our brains are a shared area with others. Your consciousness is already operating there, and I understand about half of what you're going to say before you start speaking. At first, I didn't understand your feelings for Judy, but now I do.</p>

<p>“I see...” Wheaty murmured, lost for words.</p>

<p>I think this is something you cannot understand, but what we often refer to as the “upper level” exists within our shared area, and it's said to be shared through unconscious changes in the pitch mixed with the subvocalizations. It's not that someone is controlling us, it's a function we possess as a collective consciousness.</p>

<p>Although everything seemed novel to him, when I heard him say, “I feel like I understood why Hyanorl reached the fourth-level”, I thought his inner belief system was also being rewritten.</p>

<p>The sound of a rifle echoes in the distance, followed immediately by the explosive noise of a neutral particle cannon.</p>

<p>“Someone else has died,” I say.</p>

<p>Wheaty's body is covered in scratches and dirt.</p>

<p>Even though he had an insect repellent shield, I imagine it must have been hard to make it this far. He had to avoid black-backed wolves and Grey bears, and also hide from human soldiers on Earth. Considering he made his way back to me through all that, tears welled up in my eyes again. I'm sorry, I'm such a crybaby. Wheaty took my hand, bent his back, and wrapped his arm around my neck, scooping up my tears with his lips.</p>

<div class="sepalator">*</div>

<p>Heading into the forest with Wheaty on horseback, we searched for the spot where we heard the rifle shot yesterday, and as expected, we found the remains of an Earthling who had lost his head to a neutral particle cannon.</p>

<p>From a distance, I asked Wheaty, “Are you okay?” He responded by saying, “Lend me your back,” and pressed his face against it.</p>

<p>“I think a automated aircraft did it.”</p>

<p>“You mean like a drone?”</p>

<p>As we approached the remains, it was clear they had been significantly ravaged by animals, and the bones were visible. When I reported this, Wheaty hesitantly lifted his face from my back and looked at the remains. Despite the gruesome sight, we confirmed with the upper layer and teleported the remains to our comrades waiting in the sea below the continent in order to return them to their company.</p>

<p>“Huh?”</p>

<p>“What's wrong?”</p>

<p>“You sent the marine's headless corpse to the aircraft carrier below...?”</p>

<p>“Yes. He's the twenty-eighth so far.”</p>

<p>“That's... that's bad...”</p>

<p>Wheaty presses his head against my back again. What does he mean?</p>

<p>“They might take it as a provocation.”</p>

<p>What?</p>

<p>“But that's strange. They intruded on their own, died on their own, and I'm merely assisting in paying respects to them. How could that be taken as provocation?”</p>

<p>“Well, I can't say for sure, but I think it might be.”</p>

<p>“But even if they interpret it as a provocation, we've extended the range of the defense system's detection, so there won't be any more intrusions from Earth.”</p>

<p>“It depends on how desperate they are.”</p>

<p>I see...</p>

<p>“Let's change our location. I want to talk more in depth.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Wheaty explained to me. On the surface, the plains of many countries are submerged, causing economic chaos. It's been nearly a month since he left the surface, and he don't think anything has been resolved during that time. There's no doubt that riots are already happening in various countries.</p>

<p>In such a situation, the rulers will be pushed into a corner. Even if attacking the continent wouldn't change anything, the only way they can control their citizens is by initiating an attack and demonstrating superiority.</p>

<p>Those landing on the continent are probably the marines, and the footage from the cameras mounted on their helmets is likely being sent in real time to the command headquarters and possibly to the aircraft carrier waiting below. The soldier who came to deliver a letter to the mansion had one attached, and the U.S. military has a grasp of his and my image, and it might even have been reported worldwide.</p>

<p>If the headless bodies of marines are thrown onto the aircraft carrier day after day, it would make big news. If the leaders can increase the momentum for a full-scale attack, they can suppress the domestic chaos. If public opinion allows it, the U.S. would use nuclear weapons.</p>

<p>Wheaty spoke in fear, but I couldn't see how this weapon called a nuclear bomb could damage this continent. Even if it exploded, it would at most generate several tens of petajoules, and it's not directional. Wheaty said it would fall straight down because it's launched ballistically, but there are ways to defend against that. Even if they launch it horizontally and detonate it outside the range of the defense system, aiming for damage to the periphery, as soon as I know that information, it will automatically permeate the upper layer. Before long, the system will be reconfigured to neutralize the damage from the nuclear weapon itself.</p>

<p>“I'm sorry, Wheaty. I want to continue this.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next day, I went to the bottomless marsh and confirmed two submerged bodies, which were in relatively good condition with flesh and head remaining, and I was able to return them to the surface.</p>

<p>The day after that, there were three bodies, and the day after that, five. The condition is far from good, but if they don't fuss over memories or personality, they can regenerate the body, including the head.</p>

<p>When dawn broke, I made an expedition to Camp Fomalhaut where I had left Wheaty and Judy, and found traces of a gray bear attack.</p>

<p>Considering the habits of the gray bear, it must have been attacked in the middle of the night. Signs of combat were scattered here and there. I think the attack and loss of the supply line right after Wheaty left here probably triggered the abandonment of the camp. The corpses have been neatly stripped of their flesh by carnivorous animals and insects, leaving only the bones. Some of them are lined up, so there must have been someone who stayed until the end, even though there were casualties. By this time, Wheaty must have gotten used to it, as he no longer buries his face in my back.</p>

<p>There was an old-fashioned communication device, and as Wheaty said, it seems to be true that the footage taken by the soldiers is being relayed to the mother ship. Then they should be seeing everything that's happening here and should understand our intentions. If they don't understand anything, they are nothing more than that.</p>

<p>The number of bodies found this day exceeded ten. I sent them carefully to the warship waiting below. Of the two remaining camps, one was attacked by a pack of black-backed wolves and perished in the same way, and the other had a few people left, but they had no intention of fighting and asked for protection. However, I can't protect them by my will. If Wheaty wished to protect them, I could use that as an excuse, but Wheaty seemed to have accepted my circumstances, and did not particularly say that he wanted to protect them.</p>

<p>About ten days passed in this way. As Wheaty said, ballistic missiles came down from the outer stratosphere, and I simply opened a warp hole and sent them to a star called Geminga on Earth. Geminga is an uninhabited star used as a trash can by many civilizations, and is scheduled to cause a supernova explosion within about forty thousand years.</p>

<p>The day after the next, I received a message from Beriche saying, “Listen to the radio!”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>I suppose she's referring to a radio from the surface, but I don't have a receiving device. I wasn't particularly interested in semiconductor mechanisms and I had nothing in mind when I heard the word radio, so I reluctantly tried to access the military network to procure the military vehicle that the captain had been riding in. Perhaps my prediction of the recent ballistic missile was appreciated, as an expansion of authority was announced. I thought I needed credit to procure a vehicle, but I was able to obtain it at no cost. As I was unsure how to use it, Wheaty taught me various things.</p>

<p>How to start the engine, how to tune the radio. It seems to be different from Earth's, but the principle is simple, and if he look at the device, he can imagine how to operate it.</p>

<p>When he asked, “Where are we going with this?”, I replied, “To listen to the radio,” and he was astounded.</p>

<p>“Shall we go see something later?”</p>

<p>“In that case, I want to go see the ruins of a Type III civilization.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>“Terui-kun, can you hear me? It's Takayama.”</p>

<p>“Takayama” seemed to be the name of the person calling out to Wheaty on the radio. I was able to listen to the radio voice through automatic translation and understood the meaning. I thought he might be a government or military official, and when I asked Wheaty, he said it was the name of a person who was part of his leisure group and who he often consulted. In this broadcast, in addition to a person named Takayama, there were repeated recordings of messages from several people, including his sister, work senior, parents, etc.</p>

<p>According to the broadcast, more than 200 million people have already died on the surface, conflicts have begun worldwide, many economic activities and logistics have stopped, infrastructure such as water and sewage systems and electricity have also stopped, which has caused hospitals to stop functioning, and the spread of epidemics is becoming a serious problem in some countries.</p>

<p>“The fate of the Earth from here on out is of great concern.” said as radio voice.</p>

<p>“Suspicion is leading to various incidents around the world. But there must be a solution. There must be a path to resolution. Terui-kun, you are now the hope of humanity. We would like to have a discussion between representatives of the Earth and the continent. Please contact us. The method of contact is Camp Fomalhaut... do you understand? There is a communication device there, it is unmanned now, but there is a manual in Japanese printed. Please check and contact us. We are waiting.”</p>

<p>After listening to the entire broadcast, Wheaty said,</p>

<p>“There's an English interpretation voiceover.”</p>

<p>What does that mean?</p>

<p>“I think they want to tell the public that there is still hope, rather than just me.”</p>

<p>Ah, I see.</p>

<p>Or they may be putting it on display for public scrutiny, but I didn't quite understand that concept from the surface.</p>

<p>“If I ignore them, my family might be treated badly.”</p>

<p>Is that so?</p>

<p>“Yeah. Especially Japanese people are really bad at that.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next day, we went to Camp Fomalhaut. As Wheaty had said, there was a manual launched from a white box-like device. Wheaty picked it up and seemed a little troubled.</p>

<p>“I don't know what to say.”</p>

<p>It was clear that Wheaty wanted to save the people of Earth from destruction. However, he seemed hesitant because he didn't know what could save them from annihilation. Yet, avoiding destruction held no meaning. The mistake we made a long time ago, they too are about to make.</p>

<p>“Wheaty, listen. The destruction of humanity is inevitable. There's no real point in avoiding it.”</p>

<p>In any case, your genes are damaged, and in a few more generations, the recessive factors will manifest, and you'll be extinct in 400 years at the earliest. And in a hundred million years, a new species will build the next civilization. If you want to entrust hope to the future of Earth, leave it to them.</p>

<p>The answer came without he having to say it. He didn't want to perish, and there was no reason to not want to perish. It was simply the fear of becoming nothing, projected onto the species called humanity.</p>

<p>“The extinction of humanity has nothing to do with your life. It's nothing to worry about. Whether human civilization is sustained by humanity after you die, or by the next dominant species, it's the same, isn't it?”</p>

<p>I tried to explain in my own way to help Wheaty out of his confusion. But Wheaty asked this.</p>

<p>“Don't you want to coexist with humanity?”</p>

<p>Of course, that's what we intend to do.</p>

<p>“We want to be with you for the last 400 years of human history, and we want to document and preserve the culture you leave behind.”</p>

<p>“So, you have no intention of saving us from extinction,” Wheaty said.</p>

<p>“What do you mean by 'save'?”</p>

<p>“Like helping us avoid extinction with your scientific capabilities.”</p>

<p>I understood his feelings. However, “If you want us to guarantee that you'll still be the dominant species on Earth in a hundred thousand years, that's something we can't do. The climate and terrain change every few tens of thousands of years, so species that can't adapt to those environments will go extinct and new species should inherit this planet. We won't intervene in that.” That was the only answer I could give. In any case, they won't be on this planet in a million years or a hundred million years.</p>

<p>“I'm not talking about the future in a hundred thousand years.”</p>

<p>“It's the same whether it's ten thousand years, or a hundred years. It's even the same if we're talking about tomorrow. Listen, Wheaty. We envy you who can face extinction. We've attained eternal life and the technology to control everything. No matter how much the environment changes, we can survive by altering the environment to suit us, but we can't create anything from that. We are now outside what you call 'evolution', and we won't change any further. But you guys...”</p>

<p>“Then go extinct on your own.”</p>

<p>Wheaty didn't say it out loud, but I knew that's what he was saying.</p>

<p>I see.</p>

<p>“Wheaty, just now, it seemed like you thought, 'Then just go extinct on your own,' but I think you're confusing the purpose with the result. Whether to perish or survive is a result, not a purpose. You have the purpose of survival, but the purpose of life is always in the present moment, not in the future. Even if there is something called the future, it's only the result of this moment and cannot be a purpose.”</p>

<p>That's it. This is the difference. Whether there is civilization or not. The result can be a measure, but it can't be a purpose itself, let alone a motive. I am dealing with savages here.</p>

<p>“I'm sorry, Wheaty.”</p>

<p>Wheaty is trembling.</p>

<p>“You would be happier if you were still on Earth.”</p>

<p>If there was a paraglider, you could return alone, right? In that case, there would be no need to inquire to the higher-ups, and you could do it right away... That's what I was thinking when Wheaty hugged me.</p>

<p>“I won't go back to Earth.”</p>

<p>Wheaty begins to cry uncontrollably.</p>

<p>“Because I'm a traitor now.”</p>

<p>I don't understand. Is that so? Is it considered betraying the Earth?</p>

<p>“If I'm broadcasted as a savior all over the world, then land on Earth and say, 'I can't do anything', can you imagine what would happen to me...?”</p>

<p>I see...</p>

<p>“Don't abandon me. I won't think about letting you perish on your own anymore. Let me be your pet.”</p>

<p>“No, Wheaty. It's okay to think. We are different species. I didn't mean to upset you. If I know what you want, I'll do what I can. But what I can do is only for this moment. I can't guarantee anything about the future. This is the same for any civilization in the universe.”</p>

<p>We once made the choice to “survive forever”. Everything stopped there. We were supposed to have stopped time at the most brilliant era. But what about reality? The memory capacity of the brain doesn't change even if cells don't degrade and organ repair function is present. Memories are replaced after a hundred years, let alone remembering who you were a thousand years ago, or ten thousand years ago. Even if we trace the data, cultures from multiple planets are mixed up, and there's no collective data anywhere. And what's the difference between the fact that I was an ace pilot named Almira Diet and reading someone else's biography? We've gained nothing. We've just lost death.</p>

<p>“Wheaty, think freely. Don't think about creating the future. It's okay to go to war, it's okay to destroy the environment, nature is just the result of every species clashing their egos. Don't think about controlling it or preserving the status quo forever.”</p>

<p>Upon hearing this, Wheaty quietly said, “I want you to take responsibility for making me this way.”</p>

<p>Me? Made you this way?</p>

<p>“I can't live without Frare. Even if something is said, I can't deny it. I have no choice but to follow. Even though I don't understand even ten percent of what's being said, I have no choice but to agree.”</p>

<p>Is that... my fault?</p>

<div class="ins">
“I feel like I have a cold.”
</div>

<p>The light panel opens, and Beriche's voice comes in. Putting Wheaty aside, I ask, “What's wrong? Do you have a fever?” It seems the same symptoms are seen in others, and I'm told, “It looks like a contagious disease originating from Earth. Wheaty might be the cause, so be careful,” and I suddenly remember that I left Wheaty's beryllium poisoning untreated.</p>

<p>“Dear Wheaty is feeling sentimental today. Encourage him from Beriche too.”</p>

<p>I send Wheaty's video, put on the choker, and ask Wheaty,</p>

<p>“Wheaty, I want to neutralize the beryllium poisoning, what should we do?”</p>

<p>Wheaty seems confused as he wipes his tears.</p>

<p>“What do you mean by 'what should we do', what methods are there?”</p>

<p>“One way is to remove the toxins from your body and make sure you don't lick my sweat from tomorrow.”</p>

<p>“Eh?”</p>

<p>He seems to dislike that so much. Is this what he meant by “you made me this way”?</p>

<p>“And the other way is to invade you with our Hyanorl genes that process beryllium to build resistance. Both doggies and bugbears have acquired this gene from us.”</p>

<p>“Can you do that?”</p>

<p>“Yeah. This is a characteristic of organisms that have acquired gene repair RNA...”</p>

<p>——Wait a second?</p>

<p>Suddenly a thought occurs to me. I take out a vital monitor from the light panel and set it up, comparing the virus that is being produced inside me with Wheaty's genes.</p>

<p>“This is...”</p>

<p>I am stunned.</p>

<p>“What's wrong?” Wheaty peeks at the monitor, but I'm too surprised to respond. Unbelievably, the RNA for human gene repair was being coded inside me.</p>

<p>“Beriche, come over right now! I'll cure the cold immediately!”</p>

<p>It's still only a possibility, but someone or something is coding the RNA for human gene repair inside us. If so, the only ones who can do that are a fifth-level civilization present on Earth. If so, these symptoms won't disappear even with treatment. If so——</p>

<p>The number of RNAs currently being coded exceeds thirty, and soon they will all acquire envelopes, become viruses, spread, invade humans, and rewrite their genes. It's unclear what will mediate these viruses, but there is a high likelihood that it has already been planned.</p>

<p>I immediately start RNA analysis. Some of the RNAs appear to be working to reduce the function of the Bursa of Fabricius, which is also the core of our immune system. Understanding our bodily functions, it's as if the entire system is trying to take over our bodies. Using my university ID, I operate a network terminal, predict gene mutations, and model counteractive artificial lymphocytes.</p>

<p>Beriche opens a wormhole and comes here, but for now, all we can do is symptomatic treatment. Even if we can create counteracting lymphocytes, they will surely be neutralized soon. Probably these symptoms will not disappear as long as we are on Earth.</p>

<p>But it's amazing. Something amazing is happening inside our bodies.</p>

<p>“What's up, Frare? You look so happy.”</p>

<p>Happy? Right, I'm happy.</p>

<p>“We've been had, Beriche. As I thought, Wheaty was a decoy.”</p>

<p>“What do you mean?”</p>

<p>“Patches to fix the degradation of human genes are being assembled inside us. We were summoned for that by the fifth-level civilization on Earth.”</p>

<p>“Seriously...?”</p>

<p>“To the fifth-level civilization on Earth, humans are like doggies to us. They're using us to save their cute doggies.”</p>

<p>They really existed.</p>

<p>Really, there were fifth-level civilization beings!</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next day, all reserve soldiers are called up, including my father, Taruedo Karel.</p>

<p>The enemy is presumed to be a fifth-level civilization.</p>

<p>The strategy is undecided.</p>

<p>My terminal usage application triggered the final decision.</p>

<p>The term “fifth-level,” which had never been mentioned before, is now clearly defined here, and an emergency is announced throughout the continent.</p>

<p>Weapons designed against the fifth-level, such as the imaginary-space-targeted dimensional cannon and the high gluon field shield, are materialized and placed at the Lagrange points near Earth, and a dimensional fault is built beyond Mars' orbit.</p>

<p>It's not even clear whether these weapons can reach the fifth-level civilization. It's the same as tens of thousands of years ago, when Fen'bel attacked. But this time, foolishly, we've become the attackers. The other side probably has the technology to manipulate time. They may launch an attack that we can't understand at all, just as we warped Fen'bel's fighter to a neutron star. As soon as we make contact, we might be thrown into a different time.</p>

<p>At the same time, several unmanned ground force drones penetrate the periphery, are shot down by my grandfather's Plurno-type combat, and the situation becomes suddenly hectic.</p>

<p>“But Frare Karel has to be like this,” Beriche suddenly says.</p>

<p>Somehow, despite the situation, my heart has been fluttering all along. I think I understand what Beriche wants to say.</p>

<p>Well then, let's go on a new adventure.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Several large drops of rain sporadically tap my shoulder. Gray clouds drift across the murky sky echoing with distant thunder. I surrender to and resist the wind that sometimes pushes my back and sometimes obstructs my steps. When Beriche and I, along with Wheaty, arrive in the military vehicle we've procured, my grandfather's Borgal sea turtle appears. The turtle, covered with a colony of mushrooms on its back, slowly descends beside us.</p>

<p>“Has it been breached?” I ask my descending grandfather.</p>

<p>“No, the opponent is probing our defense capabilities, so I made a hole in the defense net.”</p>

<p>“A hole?”</p>

<p>“That type can handle up to 3,000 units at once, but 4,000 would be difficult. Probably, if all of Earth's forces were to attack at once, they'd break through. So, I'm showing them a lower defense capability to disperse them.”</p>

<p>I see.</p>

<p>“It seems like the higher-ups are setting up a combat stance against the fifth-level civilization.”</p>

<p>“Yeah, I think that's a retreat battle. I guess they're abandoning this planet and going to another one.”</p>

<p>I see. That was short. It was a precious opportunity to come into contact with a fifth-level civilization. As I was being exposed to such loneliness, Madeley invited me to tea.</p>

<p>“Beriche and, of course, Wheaty, you're both invited.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>In the stump house were Verda and Judy. Judy seemed a bit frightened, but upon seeing Wheaty, she cheerfully snuggled up. Wheaty also drew Judy close, softly cradling her head against his chest, and held the hand resting on.</p>

<p>“Speaking of which, it's the fifth-level, isn't it?” said my grandfather. “We've been waiting for 300 years. Waiting for the day Almira would fly in the sky again.”</p>

<p>I see, that's why he came when I was looking for my family.</p>

<p>“But I don't remember how to operate a fighter jet.”</p>

<p>“That's fine. That's just fine. I just wanted to put an end to it.”</p>

<p>Judy fell asleep snuggled up to Wheaty. Wheaty slowly moved her to the sofa, then sat on my lap.</p>

<p>“Thank you for putting her to sleep.”</p>

<p>When I spoke through the choker, he laughed and said, “I'm relieved she doesn't seem to dislike me.”</p>

<p>Even for Wheaty, having Judy around seems to provide some reassurance. No matter how much Wheaty adores me, it must be stressful to always be among alien life forms. Madeley watches me embracing Wheaty from behind with gentle eyes. Come to think of it, I never called him “grandpa,” not until now.</p>

<p>“Frare, I hope the day comes again when we can be a family.”</p>

<p>Huh? Isn't it okay now?</p>

<p>“We've been unable to escape the war with Fen'bel for 300 years, no, even more. We've always lived like this. But I think it's about time we start a different life.” As Madeley said this, he looked at Verda, who responded with a soft smile.</p>

<p>“I wonder when the next tens of thousands of years will be.”</p>

<p>“Yes, by that time, we'll probably have forgotten everything.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Just as my grandfather predicted, the decision to move the continent was announced that evening. We seem to be returning to our original planet, Darl, and from there we'll search for another planet. The operation is set for nine days later. Apparently, time has advanced by 300 years on Darl, in the opposite direction of Earth.</p>

<p>The question is whether the fifth-level civilization will let us escape so easily. If it really is a trap to repair human genes, we won't be able to escape easily. We don't know what they'll do to keep us here. But it's decided that we'll leave Earth before viruses begin to scatter from our bodies. What lies ahead is unpredictable, and we have to take action while we can still foresee. We have to shake off any resistance.</p>

<p>We talked in the stump house until near dusk that day.</p>

<p>“I was nervous you might say you want to stay on Earth,” said Beriche.</p>

<p>“I'm not that foolish. Now that we know there's a fifth-level civilization on Earth, we can come back to investigate whenever we want if we feel like it.”</p>

<p>“Are you taking Wheaty with you?”</p>

<p>When asked this, I hesitate.</p>

<p>“I don't know.”</p>

<p>“You're serious, Frare. Your usual jokes aren't coming out.”</p>

<p>Huh? What does that mean?</p>

<p>“Wheaty is the one who has the fifth-level civilization, right? Naturally, you're taking him, aren't you?”</p>

<p>“Wait a minute, you don't mean...”</p>

<p>“...and that's just like you, Frare, always thinking straightforwardly.”</p>

<p>No, Beriche, I can't handle that.</p>

<p>“Hey, Frare. The next time we play family, can I be the younger brother?”</p>

<p>“Younger brother?”</p>

<p>Um,</p>

<p>“Younger brother?”</p>

<p>What is our current relationship, anyway?</p>

<p>“Lovers! That's what I thought we were!”</p>

<p>I think this is the first time I've heard those words from Beriche. It might be one of her usual jokes, but I'm a little taken aback by the suddenness.</p>

<p>“So, aren't we supposed to be husband and wife next? Like Madeley and Verda, and with Wheaty there as well.”</p>

<p>“I would be jealous of that child, so no.”</p>

<p>Saying that, Beriche chuckles.</p>

<p>And while I'm confused, she puts me in a mysterious joint technique.</p>

<p>The next day, we go for a drive in the military vehicle to see the Fen'bel spaceship that I supposedly dropped tens of thousands of years ago. Beriche returns to the capital, saying she has something to do, so it's just Wheaty and me. Messages continue to flow from the car radio in the language of Earth, and Wheaty keeps his ears perked the entire time.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_14">Chapter 14: Long interview</h3>

<p>Tan-po-po. Are you listening?</p>

<p>Things are pretty tough here, but it's not your fault, so you don't have to worry about it. But I thought I'd let you know.</p>

<p>You know about it, right? The floating continent is sinking a bit.</p>

<p>It seems to have dropped about 30 meters, and the water level has risen here. Tokyo 23 wards is pretty much flooded. I don't know what's going on with the ground, but there are quite a few earthquakes, and tsunami warnings are going off nonstop.</p>

<p>I was confined until recently, so there are a lot of things I don't understand, but I guess that's not the case anymore. They told me to send out a message on the radio, and now I've been moved to a nicer single-cell. I don't know where it is, but it looks like a U.S. military housing area. I think your sister and the others are around here too. It's a hassle just being related by blood.</p>

<p>I also saw the video. The one of the Marines. Really, what are you doing, riding horses with aliens? If you can communicate, you should have helped the Marines. Your parents and sister's family are in a difficult situation, you know? I understand there are circumstances, but all we have here is that footage. And the interview from Camp something.</p>

<p>Like me, your parents don't think you're a bad person. They want to believe that there's some sort of circumstance. Everyone wants to know what that alien woman is thinking. We have nothing to go on here.</p>

<p>You could at least keep in touch. You haven't abandoned humanity, have you?</p>

<p>Humanity is done for. We can't do it just with human power. It's all messed up. We don't have any information about your continent. We really don't have anything. I haven't seen my daughter for two weeks. They won't let me see her. I don't understand what's going on.</p>

<p>And, hey, journalist! Ken Terui! There must be something you can do, right? Please do it. Do your job, man. You're still our employee.</p>

<p>And then, well, that's it. I'll treat you to a barbecue again.</p>

<p>So, I'll be waiting for your contact.</p>

<p>The communication device is at Camp Fomalhaut. It's unmanned now, but there's a Japanese manual printed out. Please check it and contact us. - That's what they say.</p>

<p>That's it. This was Tanaka.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>After he finished, I felt like Tanaka-senpai broke down crying. Next came messages from my father, mother, sister, and even my niece's voice was included in my sister's round, along with Takayama-san, my mentor from my university days, and then the governor and prime minister, whom I've never even met. Even if I could make contact, how could I explain their values? I might be able to talk about the utterly incomprehensible cutting-edge science, but unless I explain how we intend to use it, it might just scare them more. They don't intend to invade, but that's the same as us not intending to invade the homes of moles and grasshoppers when we build houses in the grasslands. To them, species that haven't ventured into space are no different than dogs. Dogs.</p>

<p>Tanaka-senpai, Dad, Mom, Sis, how should I explain the current situation to everyone? Would it be better if they became pets like me? They'd be provided for in terms of food, clothing, and shelter, and if they were kept as a pair, they could even reproduce.</p>

<p>While I'm agonizing over these thoughts, the radio voices cycle back to Tanaka-senpai, and the car keeps running along the bumpy road.</p>

<p>“Woof. Woo-woof. Oooh.”</p>

<p>“What's wrong, Wheaty?”</p>

<p>I don't know. I just wanted to get into a dog's mood. In the end, I couldn't get her to call me Ken, and I was always Wheaty.</p>

<p>“I want you to call me Ken.” When I say that, she smiles and says, “Okay, Ken”, and I strike a small victory pose. My spirits were down listening to the radio, but I have Frare.</p>

<p>As we drive inland, the radio signal becomes unstable. At the same time, the roads get worse. Occasionally, the car body is jerked upward, but Frare skillfully steers to regain control. She sometimes grips the large steering wheel of the truck inside, even though she shouldn't know how to use a clutch, she properly changes gears.</p>

<p>“This area is a highway for hover vehicles, so it's tough on wheels.”</p>

<p>I think “tough” refers to a more peaceful situation compared to this road. I'm bracing the dashboard with my feet, pushing my right hand against the door, and gripping the seat belt with my left hand.</p>

<p>“Hey, Ken. Can we warp?”</p>

<p>Frare asks, but she should be looking forward, forward. As for warping, rather that side.</p>

<p>“Then, I'll open a portal ahead.”</p>

<p>As she says this, Frare increases the speed. I'm being shaken like a rodeo. I can see something like a distortion in space ahead, but the car body is so unstable that I think it might collapse. Can we jump in there at this speed? Just as I thought that, the car body is swallowed up by the distortion in space, and the next moment, a huge relic appears in front of us, she hits the brakes hard and skids to a stop with the car sideways.</p>

<p>What kind of driving is this...?</p>

<p>“How about it? Feel refreshed?” Frare laughs.</p>

<p>“Not at all.”</p>

<p>That wasn't the scene where I wanted to feel refreshed, Frare. It was time to drown in sorrow. Don't you understand that sort of thing?</p>

<p>“Anyway,” Frare points at the huge relic in front of us. “A battleship of Fen'bel. One of the two hundred that were there. Apparently, I shot it down tens of thousands of years ago.”</p>

<p>Apparently?</p>

<p>“I can't remember, it was so long ago.”</p>

<p>The ruin that Frare called a battleship seemed like an ancient city with complex connections. Or like a huge factory plant messily toppled over. Also, it didn't seem to have been over a hundred thousand years.</p>

<p>“It's still alive.”</p>

<p>Alive? What do you mean?</p>

<p>“It has a self-repair function... You see the outer shell? This area was all blown away, but it's largely restored.”</p>

<p>So, does that mean there are people inside?</p>

<p>“Yeah. It's just an estimate, but I think about four hundred thousand people are in cryosleep. The repair is automatic, and when it's done, it might fly off to a new star. The outer shell is already largely complete, so I think it won't take another ten thousand years.”</p>

<p>So, during those ten thousand years, the crew continues to be in cryosleep?</p>

<p>“I think so. Want to go take a look?”</p>

<p>Can we really go take a look?</p>

<p>“Fen'bel is a third-level civilization, so they don't have warp technology or warp shields. Until recently, it was a managed area and we couldn't get inside, but now we can board with just an application.”</p>

<p>Just as casual as going to see a coral reef. I wonder how it feels to go into cryosleep in a place where anyone can come and go. When we open a warp hole and enter the battleship, there is a huge cavity inside. There were buildings like this in Shinjuku and Tokyo Station.</p>

<p>“Originally, there were nearly a million crew members, but they lost 70% of the area in the battle, and the residential area also seems to have taken quite a hit. When the continent was on the Plurno star, they attacked from a star eighteen light-years away. Initially, they planned to annihilate us and take the star. Now they realize that's impossible, they're repairing, and preparing to set off again.”</p>

<p>Repairing?</p>

<p>“They're extending underground stems to collect resources. As a result, the terrain around here is hollow. Also, do you remember seeing a mountain beyond this battleship? That's the ship's waste. They've discarded unnecessary materials and it's formed a mountain. Want to see the residential area?”</p>

<p>Can we see it?</p>

<p>And is everyone in cryosleep?</p>

<p>Don't they wake up in shifts?</p>

<p>“They don't wake up in shifts, but there seems to be something like a breeding period——probably in line with the expansion of the residential area——where all the residents wake up at once, 'make love', reproduce, and then go back to sleep.”</p>

<p>What kind of cycle is that?</p>

<p>“Maybe the residential area has increased by four? One of them is equipped with a mechanism that can function as an independent spaceship, so I think it's aiming for a different destination from the mothership.”</p>

<p>Indeed, hearing that, I can understand what Frare once said about spaceships being living creatures.</p>

<p>“Well, in that sense, our continent is also a living organism, by definition.”</p>

<p>We crossed several areas on the way to the residential district, and there were a few locked doors, but they were easily opened using the terminal on the left hand. Our footsteps echoed in the spacious and yet narrow interior of the ship, along with the sound of opening doors and occasional our laughter.</p>

<p>The residential area we were guided to was like an aquarium. We could see humanoid creatures about our height floating in several tanks. They were similar to us mammals, especially cats. They were clothed in thin fabric like a medical gown, with faint fur all over their bodies. A tag with something like a number was attached to their right leg. The inside of the tank looked more like gelatin than liquid.</p>

<p>“The inside is filled with super high-pressure amorphous ice at minus 126 degrees. It completely absorbs the body's heat circulation, so metabolism is almost entirely suppressed. Errors in atomic arrangement are detected and corrected upon awakening. There's also some loss of memory, so this block over here——”</p>

<p>Frare points to a cylindrical tank a little distance away.</p>

<p>“Memories are cross-referenced here and directly rewritten.”</p>

<p>Ah, I see.</p>

<p>“But is that okay?” I murmured to myself. Looking up at the tank, Frare replied, “Right. If we can just rewrite our memories, there's no need to experience life, is there?” Her voice echoed off the walls of the quiet hall, returning a faint echo.</p>

<p>“Yeah, I think memories only become memories when they're half-forgotten. If memory is eternal, there are no memories.” Saying this, I took Plume's hand, and she leaned her shoulder against mine. It felt like a date at an aquarium. I felt like going somewhere to see the night view, and talking until the morning.</p>

<p>“Do you want to see the Princess too?”</p>

<p>“The Princess?”</p>

<p>Frare takes my hand and leads me through the dim corridor. Our footsteps echo against the walls, and in the low overhead passage, she bends her back to guide me. We open a heavy hatch together, leading to a room with a single cylindrical tank.</p>

<p>It's certainly different from the others. The tanks of the other residents were small, with only basic machinery attached. But this one is cylindrical, large, and the attached machinery is sophisticated. The clothing is also longer and more elegant than that of the other residents, with a wristband of linked jewels on the arm, and there is no tag attached to the foot. It could indeed be a princess.</p>

<p>“So this is the Princess...”</p>

<p>Illuminated by an orange light, we take two, three steps. Our footsteps cease. As we approach and look up at the tank, Frare embraces me. The shimmer of the amorphous ice flows slowly with time. The tank emits a quiet noise like a fluorescent light, and its surface fogs up slightly with Frare's breath.</p>

<p>It feels like it's been a long time since I was held in these arms. Frare's voice vibrates directly through my chest, as if the sound is echoing from within me.</p>

<p>“You see, Wheaty,” Frare begins, still looking at the tank, “We're going home.”</p>

<p>Home? We?</p>

<p>Frare chokes on her words, lets me down onto the floor, and turns to face me anew. Her eyes are filled with an unusual sadness.</p>

<p>“We have eight days left on Earth. After that, we're going back to the Darl Star. What about you? What are you going to do?”</p>

<p>Of course, I'll go with you, Frare.</p>

<p>The words that had reached my throat, I also choked back. If I had stayed in her arms, I wouldn't have swallowed those words. Frare understood that, and that's why she let me go. Their summer vacation is ending.</p>

<p>At the end of August, a little past noon amid the cicada's serenade, tilting her straw hat as usual, buying ice cream and sitting on the bench in front of the store,</p>

<p>“I'm going back to Tokyo tomorrow,”</p>

<p>Just like that, Frare had broached the topic, timing it just right.</p>

<p>“I knew it, Frare. I had a feeling.”</p>

<p>“Is that so?”</p>

<p>Striving not to show any reluctance, I put on a brave face, “I need to get back to work soon. I can't always be a pet.”</p>

<p>While seeming puzzled, she forged a small smile, let out a relieved sigh, and brought the luggage she was about to unpack back to her chest, “I'm glad. I was wondering what I would do if Wheaty cried.” As she said this, Frare's face crumbled while trying to keep her smile intact.</p>

<p>“There's no way I would cry. Don't worry about it.”</p>

<p>As I tried to cover up my tears, Frare's smile broke down in tears. “I can hear everything you're thinking,” she seemed to plead, letting the tears fall.</p>

<p>I feel the same way, Frare. I can hear all the thoughts in your heart. All your tears are my tears.</p>

<p>“You're such a fool, Frare.”</p>

<p>Frare's tear-streaked hug, with choked breaths and sobbing, was probably our last hug together.</p>

<div class="sepalator">*</div>

<p>“This is Camp Fomalhaut, Ken Terui speaking. Can you hear me?  Camp Fomalhaut, Ken Terui speaking. Can you hear me?”</p>

<p>“Yes, we can hear you. We'll switch you to the commander shortly, so please wait a moment.”</p>

<p>“Um, it would be better if I could speak to someone who understands Japanese, but, well, I don't really feel like answering any questions, so I'll just talk freely.</p>

<p>Firstly, regarding our situation here, no weapons from Earth, including nuclear ones, work here at all, so please stop any attacks. We don't intend to attack actively, but we'll have to retaliate if necessary, which would cause damage.</p>

<p>Please do not attack. That's the first point.</p>

<p>Secondly, about the disasters happening on Earth, the people here, they are called Hyanorl, the Hyanorl don't care, so you'll have to overcome it on your own.</p>

<p>This is the second point, they can't help with disaster recovery.</p>

<p>The third point is about the future. This continent will leave the Earth in a week. After that, it probably won't interfere with Earth. So, if you can endure for another week, I think you can slowly return to your original life afterwards.</p>

<p>However, they can't restore certain areas such as the Hawaiian Islands, which have been covered by this continent.</p>

<p>That's the third point, they will be gone along with the continent in a week.</p>

<p>And finally, they don't seem to be interested in negotiating with Earthlings. Thanks to being kept here as a pet, I've heard a lot, but it's all just a happening, and it's supposed to be a taboo for them normally.</p>

<p>That's the fourth point, they won't negotiate.”</p>

<p>“Oh, and finally, we've transferred the bodies of the Marines to your aircraft carrier, but it's not a provocation, it's meant as a request to hold a funeral for them. Please revive those whose conditions are good. As for those without heads, they can't have their memories restored, but it seems they want you to culture them and let them reunite with their families. They're not being sarcastic; they seem to really mean it.</p>

<p>That's all, I'm ending the communication now.”</p>

<p>I heard voices asking to continue the communication from the other side of the radio, but I ignored them. Honestly, I can't imagine being able to have a calm conversation with earthlings about this.</p>

<p>Even though the Hyanorl are leaving, without any apology and not lending a hand in recovery, the impression is bound to be bad, and I'll be the target of their anger. But then again, people like my sister and Mr. Takayama are being held captive even though they're practically unrelated, so it's not like I can get away unscathed.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>For the last week, Frare, Beriche, and I spent our time in the mansion by the lake, sleeping together at night, just like we did during our camping trip. Due to the chaos of moving the continent again, it seems that the recording of Beriche's new song was again interrupted. Beriche, on the other hand, had a slight fever and her feathers remained open all the time. When I asked what was wrong, she replied, “I'm turning into a boy.”</p>

<p>I only see Frare's feathers open when we sleep together, so seeing Beriche like that was a bit embarrassing. The cool and aloof Beriche was looking forward to becoming a boy.</p>

<p>I thought there would be some kind of response to the words I had sent to the surface when I listened to the radio, but I didn't want to hear it. I was scared to listen, and besides, I knew what my senior would say anyway. Frare was a little concerned about it too, but I was fine with it.</p>

<p>“Hey, Frare. I'd like to interview you one last time. If it's okay, I'd like Beriche to join too,” I asked. Frare tilted her head slightly and replied with a smile, “Sure. Shall we do it now?”</p>

<p>“No, I think it would be best to do it right before I return to the surface, so I don't forget what I've heard.”</p>

<p>I need to think about what I'm going to ask by then.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next day, the attacks from the surface continued as usual. Despite conveying that it's pointless to attack, unmanned drones seemed to sporadically rise up, and each time Grandpa's funky fighter jet went out to intercept them.</p>

<p>“They're really holding back on the output,” Frare said.</p>

<p>“How much could they actually do at maximum output?”</p>

<p>“A single particle beam could create a hole about 30 kilometers in the surface.”</p>

<p>“30 kilometers!”</p>

<p>“And they can fire twelve such shots simultaneously at separate targets. Reload time is 0.7 seconds. Infinite ammo.”</p>

<p>She told me in a manner that made it unclear whether it was hearsay or her own experience, that they still needed heat treatment after about 400 shots, and that they had a hard time breaking the armor of Fen'bel's mother ship.</p>

<p>And then, when I casually looked up at the sky, I could see what seemed to be a gigantic grid-like structure along the equator, I guessed.</p>

<p>“Hey, Frare, what is that?”</p>

<p>“That's a defense system against level five civilizations. It circles the entire Earth.”</p>

<p>Defense against level five civilizations?</p>

<p>“Who are you guys fighting against?”</p>

<p>I hadn't fully understood until now, but she explained that there was a level five civilization on Earth, and they had built this for defense in case they tried to hinder their departure.</p>

<p>“Does it really circle the entire Earth?”</p>

<p>“Yes. If our escape route is blocked by a magnetic shield, we generate a magnetic field of the opposite phase to cancel it out. Also, it's to prevent our fighters from being interfered with by the magnetic field when they fly.”</p>

<p>Would the Earth escape unscathed from all this?</p>

<p>“I don't know, but I think they'll try to avoid damaging the environment as much as possible. There are also fortresses built at the four Lagrange points, each with 60 proton cannons of 7.7 Zettajoules per gun port, I think? As long as they don't show a physical entity, it should probably be fine.”</p>

<p>The people on Earth may feel threatened by this structure in the sky, as they haven't been informed about the Hyanorls' conflict with a level five civilization. Even if I were to tell them that this is for “fighting a level five civilization with 60 proton cannons each delivering 7.7 Zettajoules,” I doubt they would understand our intent.</p>

<p>In any case, the Hyanorls will be gone in a week, and before then, all I have to do is aim for Pingelap Island with a paraglider. I'm not going to think about what might happen on the ground after that. I mean, will the Earth still be there in a week?</p>

<p>I wonder what my senior would be saying if I turned on the radio. My mom would probably be crying her eyes out, and my sister would likely be furious.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>The next day, Frare also started saying she had a slight fever. She didn't provide specifics, but it seems that all the Hyanorls are suffering from poor health due to their visit to Earth. Maybe this is why they decided to withdraw.</p>

<p>“But we are strong,” she says, prescribing herself medicine and heading out to Reiners town street. “I want to remember various things.” But you're returning to your original star with the entire continent, right? When I asked, she responded, “Well, we might be blown away in the war before that.”</p>

<p>I walked with her, and Frare indeed looked a bit uncomfortable.</p>

<p>“It's okay. Once we leave this star, the function of the Bursa of Fabricius will regenerate and my health will return. Then even this ill health will become a nice memory of coming to Earth.”</p>

<p>All I could say was to ask her not to push herself too hard.</p>

<p>What should I ask in the interview? It's too late to ask about their intent to invade. Maybe about their scientific and technological knowledge, life itself, or what she knows about the universe. I wonder how they exceed the speed of light. When will we reach the same level of civilization as them?</p>

<p>When I casually asked such questions, Frare said that Earthlings think illogically, and in Earth's language, they're all romantics. It seems their way of thinking is fundamentally different from ours.</p>

<p>I thought as civilization level rises and we enter the space age, everyone would stop warring. But when I said that, Frare laughed and said that was precisely why we were romantics.</p>

<p>According to her—there are various species in the universe. They don't wage wars among their own kind like humans do on Earth, but there are clear predatory relationships once you step into space. Some are machine life forms of planetary scale, and they see other planets' spacecraft as mere prey. In the universe, there are small fish as well as giant carnivorous fish. Each has its own means of protection, and they must strive to survive. Projecting human warfare onto extraterrestrial beings and believing that they must transcend it because they're extraterrestrial is simply abandoning logical thought. The issue of human warfare should be resolved among humans, she said.</p>

<p>“The universe was born about 6 trillion years ago,” Frare said, and then coughed a bit.</p>

<p>“It's okay, you don't have to tell me now. Don't push yourself.”</p>

<p>Frare understands all of my concerns for her. Without voicing it, she just returned a smile and continued.</p>

<p>“When the universe was born, the nature of matter was different, so there were no solid substances. There were energy clumps in a state of elemental particles called 'Ghostrons', and these networked to create something akin to life. This happened about 300 million years after the universe was born, in the primordial soup of the universe.”</p>

<p>The soup of the universe?</p>

<p>“Yes, life was born before stars were.”</p>

<p>Before stars were born? Where exactly?</p>

<p>“That's why I said, in the soup of the universe. That life form was similar to what we now know as a shrimp.”</p>

<p>So, shrimp soup.</p>

<p>“They had a two-axis nervous system but lacked what we would call a brain. It's said that they could travel back in time. Well, the concept of time was different when the universe was born, so we can't imagine what that means.</p>

<p>As they expanded their living range and traveled around the universe across dimensions, the universe expanded and obtained its current dimensional structure.”</p>

<p>The current dimensional structure is...? I thought it referred to the universe I knew, a space floating in a void with a radius of 13.8 billion light-years. But I was wrong.</p>

<p>“It's a three-dimensional sphere with a diameter of 220 billion light-years. The universe we live in is the surface of a universe super-sphere with a four-dimensional structure.”</p>

<p>“But I've heard that we can only see up to 13.8 billion light-years away, and beyond that, we can only see the traces of the Big Bang...”</p>

<p>“Are you referring to the cosmic horizon? What you're saying is like saying, 'Beyond the sea, it becomes a waterfall and falls down.' From the number of dimensions you see, the Big Bang cosmology is not wrong, I think. But the reality is different.”</p>

<p>I see... I can't understand it right away.</p>

<p>“Just like we live on the surface of a planet, what we think is the universe is only the surface of the real universe. The first generation of life created that structure itself.”</p>

<p>If those people are the first generation, which generation are we?</p>

<p>“We are the fourth generation.”</p>

<p>Then what about the second and third generations?</p>

<p>“The second generation was born after the first generation created matter and stars were born. They are not matter either, but conscious entities that arose on the energy grid. They have a neural structure where multiple ganglia are connected, and their shape is close to that of an octopus.”</p>

<p>The second generation is like an octopus...</p>

<p>“They are indistinguishable from the energy flow inside stars, and they might still live inside the sun.”</p>

<p>Inside the sun... But, the temperature...</p>

<p>“Since they are conscious entities, temperature doesn't matter. But the composition of the entire universe has changed since ancient times, so the theory that they no longer exist is more likely.”</p>

<p>I see.</p>

<p>“They had a culture and interaction with the first generation living inside the super-sphere of the universe and could extract energy from space. Infinitely.”</p>

<p>Wait a minute, infinitely?</p>

<p>“They created space. Space can be expanded as much as possible. By multiplying this space, enclosing it, and causing a vacuum collapse inside, they converted it to energy. Energy was converted to light elements, and matter was born. Matter interacted with each other to create heavier matter, and heavy elements fell into the super-sphere of the universe due to their own weight. This is how the life cycle of matter was born.”</p>

<p>I was no longer able to follow the conversation. In my head, there was only an image of a giant octopus-like monster living in the sun, creating space and matter.</p>

<p>“But that initial universe disappeared due to a control error in the vacuum collapse. The current universe is the second phase, regenerated on the surface of the accumulated super-sphere of the universe. It's in this phase that life forms made of matter are finally born.”</p>

<p>According to Frare, the first civilization born in this second phase was insects, a collective consciousness, a group entity, and this was the third generation civilization. This life form eventually gained the wisdom of the ancient octopus, learned to manipulate space, eventually destroyed the universe's environment, and perished because it couldn't adapt to those conditions. The era of vertebrates became mainstream after that. We are now in a transitional period of generational change, Frare said.</p>

<p>“We too, a long time ago, wondered about how life was born. But after encountering various creatures throughout the universe, the answer we arrived at was not that the universe created life, but that life creates the universe. There was no specific will of a species at work. The universe simply expanded as a result of the predatory behavior of life.”</p>

<p>“So, what about the fifth-level civilization? Where are they?” When I leaned forward and asked, the answer was, “I don't know.”</p>

<p>“Like we can move independently of space, they are also liberated from time.”</p>

<p>So, in other words,“Does that mean they can travel through time?”</p>

<p>“Yes, but your image is probably not correct. For example, do you have comics in your world?”</p>

<p>Hmm. I wonder what they've read, but oh, yes. Please continue.</p>

<p>“Comics are two-dimensional, but suppose one day the protagonist realizes that there is a three-dimensional world outside the comic and gains the ability to go into the three dimensions. But what he would do is just escape from the page and move to another page, or at most, to another comic. They can't imagine anything more. That doesn't express the essence of the three dimensions at all. What we call 'time travel' is the same thing; we don't know the essence of time.”</p>

<p>As I was listening and thinking, “I see,” a question came from the other side.</p>

<p>“What do you think time is?”</p>

<p>Suddenly, the philosophical concept of time. It was a question so simple it was difficult, but my inner mentor, Tanaka-senpai, gave me advice.</p>

<p>——If a comic is two-dimensional and can move pages when it goes to three dimensions, then time is——</p>

<p>“Page numbers?”</p>

<p>“In a sense, you're correct.”</p>

<p>Thank you, Tanaka-senpai. What exactly did I guess right?</p>

<p>“For the characters in a comic, the page number is a meaningless figure. But for them, 'depth' can only be grasped in terms of page numbers. In the same way, what we perceive as 'time' is a completely meaningless number.</p>

<p>We use our cerebral cortex to think, right? We remember things, compare what is happening now with past memories, and judge what we should do. That experience creates the concept of time. However, most of the species in the fourth-level civilization do not have a cerebral cortex.”</p>

<p>No cerebral cortex?</p>

<p>“Most of them have a two-axis nervous system, like shrimps or insects on Earth. They don't have a cerebral cortex, so they can't recognize time. However, they were the ones who put into practical use the spatial movement in the direction of imaginary numbers. They perceive time as the energy distribution of the field that appears by fixing the direction of the moving object. The change in this is applied to a function based on matrix differentiation, which is what we call 'time'. We can verify it, but we cannot understand the meaning of the numbers. But through this, they discovered imaginary distance and imaginary speed, and they could obtain negative time by multiplying these.”</p>

<p>When it becomes this complicated, I feel like inserting a tongue twister in the middle.</p>

<p>“For example, when listening to music, they do not have a mechanism to remember the sound from a few seconds ago, so they should only be aware of the sound pressure at that moment and should not be able to hear music, at least in our senses. But they seem to understand music just like us, or it seems so.”</p>

<p>I see. It makes sense that shrimps and insects excel in certain areas.</p>

<p>“I always thought that vertebrates were the smartest.”</p>

<p>When I said this, the answer was blunt.</p>

<p>“The processing speed of the cerebral cortex is too slow to be reliable.”</p>

<p>“It takes about one to three seconds to process information in the cerebral cortex. What species that only have a cerebral cortex perceive as 'now' is the future three seconds from the past they predicted three seconds ago. Therefore, various preconceptions are included. While correcting these in real time, they predict three seconds into the future. At the same time, they record the current information and create the concept of the future. But that is neither the real present nor the real future. As long as you think with your cerebral cortex, you don't really understand what time is.”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>As the day advanced to the eve of the continental shift, potentially the day when the Earth might collapse due to these people's reckless wars, Beriche closed her or his feathers that were open and celebrated becoming a boy since the morning.</p>

<p>“How do we do copulate?” He asked candidly, which made me reflexively ask, “Are you going to try copulate with Frare?”</p>

<p>“When you think about erotic things, the reproductive organs become erect, and then you insert it into cloaca,” I explained, but he didn't seem to fully understand what erotic things referred to.</p>

<p>“Why don't you look at Judy?”</p>

<p>“Should I abduct her?”</p>

<p>He discussed this seriously.</p>

<p>“More importantly, have you decided what to ask in the interview?” Frare asked, so I nodded slightly. As I looked around the room to find a place for the interview,</p>

<p>“Then, let's do it outside.” Frare suggested this, and it was decided that the interview would be conducted outdoors.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Behind the stable, around the natural cultural garden. we can see the Inokashira Park pond between the stable and the mansion.  Overcast sky. The sound of the wind is a bit strong.  Three chairs are arranged in a row, like a TV talk show.  This isn't a video or recorded interview, so I think we can proceed casually.</p>

<p>——Well then, I would like to start the interview with Frare Karel and Beriche...uh,</p>

<p>“Beriche Lise Mayle.”</p>

<p>——Beriche Lise Mayle.</p>

<p>When I say this, Beriche and Frare repeat “Lise”, “Lise”, in a low voice and laugh together.</p>

<p>——I hope both of you will cooperate.</p>

<p>“Nice to meet you.”</p>

<p>“Nice to meet you too.”</p>

<p>——First, I would like to ask about your relationship. Is it okay to say you are 'lovers'?</p>

<p>“Yeah, you can say we're lovers. That's how you would say it in Earth's language.”</p>

<p>“It's sudden and confusing, but yeah. That's right.”</p>

<p>——Frare is the eldest daughter of the Karel family. And then, your mother's disciple is Beriche.——</p>

<p>“That's right.”</p>

<p>——So, first of all, I think I have to ask this question. Are you Hyanorls, immortal?</p>

<p>“Yes. We have both gene repair functions and organ repair functions, so we hardly ever die.”</p>

<p>“Earthling is also close to becoming that.”</p>

<p>——Really? I'm looking forward to it! When did the Hyanorls become like that?</p>

<p>“There might be some error when converting to Earth years, but it's roughly 800,000 years ago.”</p>

<p>——That's an old story. When did you two meet?</p>

<p>“It was when Beriche became my mother's disciple, so about 250 years ago?”</p>

<p>“Yeah, about that time.”</p>

<p>——Have you been close since you met?</p>

<p>“Well, yeah.”</p>

<p>“Frare always starts stupid things, so I help her.”</p>

<p>——In human terms, a family is connected by blood. Hyanorls are not like that, it's something simulated, right?</p>

<p>“Simulated? If it's simulated, is it not a family?”</p>

<p>——Ah, well, um, why do you become a family with someone then?</p>

<p>“Because it feels settled?”</p>

<p>“We became immortal a long time ago. But we don't remember that time, and we don't remember our families from then. But our body structure and brain structure are still the same as we were then, so I think that's why it feels settled.”</p>

<p>——What do you mean by not remembering?</p>

<p>“Even though we're immortal, our brain's memory capacity doesn't increase, right? So we forget about most things after about a hundred years.”</p>

<p>“We remember things that are close to us a little longer, but other things, like who lived in the room next to us, we forget after about twenty years.”</p>

<p>——I understand. I forget about the desserts I ate a week ago.</p>

<p>“We don't forget desserts.”</p>

<p>“That's a difference in values.”</p>

<p>——Hahaha. Leaving that aside, Beriche, you have a family, right?</p>

<p>“Yes, I do. On another planet. I ran off on my own and became Tzidi's disciple.”</p>

<p>——Do you ever go home?</p>

<p>“Occasionally.”</p>

<p>——Actually, I have a family on Earth too. Well, I think we were fairly close. But my girlfriend from my student days didn't get along with her family. So I don't really want to say things like, 'Family love is universal.'</p>

<p>“I understand.”</p>

<p>“My parents are terrible too.”</p>

<p>——But why do you become a family while saying it's terrible? On Earth, there's the notion that we can't help it because we're connected by blood... but if you don't have such circumstances, I think you don't have to become a family.</p>

<p>“Maybe it's a place to escape. The only place in the world without a contract.”</p>

<p>“Ah, I see. In a society that only functions by rules, the family is the only one where you can be together just by saying 'let's become a family'.”</p>

<p>——Ah, I see. It's the same with friends and lovers, isn't it?</p>

<p>“But I think friendship is a relationship of equal exchange. Family is just giving.”</p>

<p>“Right. When you say selfish things to a friend, the relationship gradually dissolves, but family stays even if you hate or despise them.”</p>

<p>——Don't you want to run away?</p>

<p>“Maybe that's a difference in thinking. For example, if I were to become a person who is not anyone's daughter, who only has the attribute of being a Hyanorl, I think I wouldn't need the 'individual' called me. I have both strengths and weaknesses, but because I'm the eldest daughter of the Karel family, I can be myself.”</p>

<p>——I see. That's a feeling that Earthlings bound by their families don't have. Speaking of which, one other question I have is about 'sex'.</p>

<p>“Do you mean, like what animals do?”</p>

<p>——On Earth, 'sex' is a big issue in family matters. But Hyanorls don't have that, do they? A family without issues of sex seems like easy mode to me.</p>

<p>“Ah, I want to ask the opposite.”</p>

<p>“Do family disputes arise due to 'sex'?”</p>

<p>——Yes, they do. In my case, my parents were strict with my sister.</p>

<p>“What did your sister mate with?”</p>

<p>——Well, not so much what she did, but she would get yelled at if she came home a little late, and they'd always ask where she was going to hang out. I understand that, too. But when I saw that, I was still in elementary school, right? My sister crying was pitiful.</p>

<p>“It's common, isn't it? Similar things happen. You're navigating between two sets of values, society and family, right? Discrepancies arise there, and because there are discrepancies, you can understand where the problem lies, can't you? That's why family is important, isn't it?”</p>

<p>——To understand the problem, you mean the next step is to solve the problem, right? There are laws in society, so problems can be solved in accordance with them. But family is not a law, is it? How do you think we should judge who's good or bad within a family?</p>

<p>“'Good' or 'bad' aren't words to apply to people. I can't understand that sentiment.”</p>

<p>——Is that where it starts?</p>

<p>“Are there 'good' families, 'bad' families, or in Wheaty's case, 'good' sisters, 'bad' sisters?”</p>

<p>——Hmm. I wouldn't say there are, but I think it's possible to imagine.</p>

<p>“I think you're probably seeing it through preconceptions. You're projecting society onto it. We don't see people as 'good' or 'bad'. Not by our standards. There are no 'good' sisters or 'bad' sisters. There are just sisters to be loved.”</p>

<p>——So that means, the family is correct, and the society that's being projected onto it is wrong?</p>

<p>“Yes.”</p>

<p>——So, society should be adjusted to fit the family, then.</p>

<p>“Not quite. If you adjusted it to fit the family, there wouldn't be any rules in society, would there? What you do is translate the 'non-rule' thing within the family into a 'rule' within society.”</p>

<p>——But still, society is the one that needs to change, right? Is there a need to change the family?</p>

<p>“What do you mean by 'the need to change the family'?”</p>

<p>——Like when the father is stubborn, and it's causing pain for the family.</p>

<p>“You just have to talk, right? You can't do anything more than that.”</p>

<p>“Society is something people create, so you can make whatever rules or whatever you want. But family, even though they're close, are still other people. There's no changing them.”</p>

<p>——I see. That's how it is for Hyanorls. But for us Earthlings, society is laws and common sense so we can't change it, but we can change our family.</p>

<p>“To put it bluntly, that's impossible.”</p>

<p>“No matter what problems there are, we can't change other people, and we shouldn't.”</p>

<p>——But if the family doesn't change, don't you think it will become increasingly conservative? For example, on Earth, society changes due to things like ecology and feminism, but the family can't be changed?</p>

<p>“Ultimately, people change by internalizing the changes in society. I think society is like a sandbox, and what remains in the end is the family. A family that remains orderly even without any laws or anything.”</p>

<p>“Yes, they will change if necessary. Not 'change' them. The only one who keeps saying 'change' is you, Wheaty.”</p>

<p>——Huh? Is that so?</p>

<p>“Wheaty, I think you misunderstand because you believe that a living being's consciousness is spontaneous. All of a creature's consciousness is just a collection of reflexes. If the environment changes, they will naturally change.”</p>

<p>——So when you say 'naturally change', does that mean no matter what you do spontaneously, it won't change?</p>

<p>“It changes. It always changes. Even just breathing changes it. But the change is the result. You're thinking about 'changing' because you separate life and rules. Wheaty, you're always just talking about the results. People should only be responsible for what's happening now. The future doesn't matter.”</p>

<p>——It's the opposite on Earth. We're asked to take responsibility for the future.</p>

<p>“How many billions of years in the future?”</p>

<p>——No, not billions of years, but next year, or ten years from now.</p>

<p>“A future that can be achieved in the current environment is not a future. Is it different from 'now'? The future is nowhere, no one can take responsibility for it, and it can't be monopolized. Is it different?”</p>

<p>“I understand how you feel, but calm down, Beriche.”</p>

<p>——Oh, it's fine. Let's continue. So, in essence, it's not about 'change to' but 'change', right?</p>

<p>“It's closer to 'breathing' than 'change'. I don't even think about change.”</p>

<p>——What does that mean specifically?</p>

<p>“You don't have to do anything. As I just play music.”</p>

<p>——Oh, that's cool.</p>

<p>“There are people who are good at expressing themselves directly with words, but I'm not one of them. I don't put messages in my music, and they don't have to receive any messages, but because I put myself into it, I want them to receive me.”</p>

<p>——I see, somehow I feel like I understand when you put it in terms of music.</p>

<p>Even though I said that, I wasn't confident whether I truly understood. Their thought process was completely different from mine. I was taking notes, but I might not remember what they mean once I leave here. Even if I could break it down in my own way, their words would die the moment I did so. After a brief moment of forgetting to string words together, Beriche quietly spoke.</p>

<p>“I...I've always loved Frare.”</p>

<p>“What the...? Why are you bringing this up now?”</p>

<p>——Uh, I'm a bit taken aback too, but please continue.</p>

<p>“I don't think it happens often, a Hyanorl falling in love with someone. After all, everyone is 800,000 years old. Even the youngest are a few thousand years old, and if a couple hatches a chick, it's news. Everyone can live without falling in love, and hobbies alone are plenty of fun.”</p>

<p>——But you fell in love.</p>

<p>“Frare might not remember, but one day, out of the blue, she asked me, '<span class="JE">Where do you think the light first shone on this planet?</span>' When I responded, '<span class="JE">I don't know, tell me,</span>' Frare closed her eyes and said, '<span class="JE">Think like the light.</span>' She asked, '<span class="JE">What do you want to illuminate?</span>' Just that made my heart full, and I couldn't answer anything.”</p>

<p>——Ah...that's a beautiful story. Conversely, what about Frare? What do you see in Beriche?</p>

<p>“I...uh, wait. I didn't think this was that kind of interview. What should I do? It's too sudden to...”</p>

<p>——How about we revisit this later...</p>

<p>“Okay, next, it's Wheaty's turn.”</p>

<p>“Me?”</p>

<p>“By any chance, was I the first to copulate?”</p>

<p>“Well, let's not go too straight to the point...”</p>

<p>“I think we have the right to know about the earthling's perspective on life.”</p>

<p>“That's right.”</p>

<p>“Eh? Uh, well, if you're willing to listen without being taken aback...”</p>

<p>“Please, tell us anything!”</p>

<p>“Do you realize we've been alive for 800,000 years?”</p>

<p>“Given this is about Earth, there may be some specific terms that might be hard to understand...”</p>

<p>“Say anything. What you say is what matters.”</p>

<p>“We're the type who doesn't mind specific terms.”</p>

<p>“Well then, excuse me... When I was a student, attending university, I had a girlfriend.”</p>

<p>“Oh, you mentioned that.”</p>

<p>“My family is pretty laid-back, or maybe it's just because I'm their son, it might be different for my sister, but they're kind of hands-off with me, or consider me an idiot. My home is in Toyohashi... you might not know Toyohashi, but anyway, we own a small commercial building there, we have rental income, and even after I got into a not-so-top-tier university near Tokyo, I didn't have to work part-time and still got an allowance from them, enough to indulge in hobbies like buying a paraglider.</p>

<p>So, during my first year, I met this girl who loved birds, she was my type, and even though I'd never had a pet bird, I'd say things like 'birds are cute, aren't they?' and we became friends. She commuted from her home, from Tsurumi Ward in Yokohama to Soka City in Saitama, quite a long commute. My room was somewhere around the Skytree, in the middle, and I often let her stay over when it got late.</p>

<p>However, her father was some sort of a politician, and he was strangely strict. She didn't get along well with her family, I think they were overprotective, and they were extremely strict about dating. She was often afraid to go home, and I didn't want to send her back, but I couldn't have her stay every night, right? I didn't want to get too involved in her family situation, so the distance was kind of... halfway, I guess.</p>

<p>She said she wanted a pet bird but wasn't allowed to have one, so I told her she could keep one in my room, and we bought one at a pet shop in Kameido. It was a Green-cheeked parakeet. The bird's name was Plume. She named it.</p>

<p>So, she didn't get her first choice of school in Soka, and she decided to try for another university in Yotsuya, started going there, and stopped coming to my room. I think we were in a relationship for about half a year, if you could call it that. The last message I got from her was a letter saying, 'Don't text me, my phone is being checked.' Her parents were checking her phone? And for that matter, did they really hate me that much?</p>

<p>I don't really know what happened after she started going to the school in Yotsuya. I thought she might have found a boyfriend. I couldn't contact her, and I had no choice but to wait for a message from her, but there was nothing.</p>

<p>Do you know what happened in the end?</p>

<p>Around the summer of my fourth year, she killed herself in my room.</p>

<p>She had the key, so she entered the room with it.</p>

<p>I don't know why she did it, and her parents treated me like a murderer. They even harassed the commercial building my family owns. I wondered what I had done, but what really frustrated me was that I couldn't do anything. I think there must have been a moment when I could have helped her, when I could have noticed something.</p>

<p>For some reason, her parents accused me of 'killing her' and sued me. Of course, I won the lawsuit, but I was so frustrated that I crashed into a tree while landing during a flight at Asagiri, breaking both my legs. I still have the scars from that, and you see this one strand of yellow hair? This is the only spot where only white hair grows. I tried dyeing it, so I've been called 'Tan-po-po' by my seniors ever since.</p>

<p>I did have girls I liked when I was in elementary school, but the only time I truly fell in love was during that half year. And all that's left of that half year are regrets.”</p>

<p>As I lost my words, Beriche asked, “What happened to Plume?”</p>

<p>While I was in the hospital, my sister took care of her, and she ended up growing attached and continued to keep her. I think my sister, in her own way, is trying to help me avoid painful memories.</p>

<p>“Have you seen Plume since then?”</p>

<p>Maybe a couple of times. Since my niece was born, she might always be in the cage. She always looked out the window when the blinds were opened. In the evening, music would flow from a nearby elementary school, and my girlfriend would often hum it with Plume on her finger.</p>

<div class="quote">
——Into the blossoms field, the sunset fade away.<br/>
——As look over the foothills, the mist fade deepen.
</div>

<div class="date">
Oborozukiyo(朧月夜)<br/>
written by Takano Tatsuyuki(1876-1947)
</div>

<p>Even after she moved to the school in Yotsuya, I always thought that Plume's figure overlapped with hers. I imagined she was still somewhere in a cage, yearning to be free. I still think so now. She's still singing in my heart, with Plume perched on her index finger. She's always at that window, watching the sunset.</p>

<p>These past four years, all I have is regret. I keep wondering why I couldn't do anything, why I didn't notice.</p>

<p>——I'm sorry, I can't go on any further. Can we stop here?</p>

<p>Frare slowly stood up, spread her peach-colored feathers, and embraced me from behind. In her wings, for the first time in four years, I sobbed uncontrollably.</p>

<p>That night, I slept alone. Frare invited me to bed, but I told her, “I'm sorry, I've been thinking about her today, and I want to sleep alone.” But she must have seen right through my heart.</p>

<p>That day, Frare and Beriche got into bed together, and the next day Frare told me that, in the end, nothing erotic came to mind, so they didn't do anything. But they kept their feathers open, holding each other, and said that it was alright even though it didn't make much sense. Somehow, I guess, could say I've moved on.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_15">Chapter 15: The End of Eclipse</h3>

<p>The morning of the continental drift.</p>

<p>Apart from a slightly cloudier sky, it wasn't much different from any other day. As the sun rose, the wheel that orbits around the equator began to turn, activating the reserve system for defending against fifth-level Civilizations. In order to use an extraterrestrial device called the Sisouk model, it was necessary to stabilize the Earth's magnetic field. The wheel began to rotate, emitting a low growl at the edge of the audible range and scattering a faint orange light.</p>

<p>“The Sisouk model is the one that carries two stellar reactors, right?” asked Beriche.</p>

<p>“Yes. I think it's the first time it's been used within a star system,” I answered.</p>

<p>The so-called extra-terrestrial model. The Sisouk model has a large fusion reactor in a degenerated space. The body, while being bio-type, maintains an internal pressure of 2000 atmospheres and a temperature of 3000 degrees to stabilize radioactive elements. It has a multiple space travel mechanism, shares cooling systems with multiple bodies through imaginary space connections, possesses a phenomenal heat dissipation ability, and can generate and utilize energy comparable to a star. The heat is converted into hydrogen atoms and discarded somewhere, and recently there has been news that a star is starting to form there.</p>

<p>It is equipped with countless gun ports on its freely jointed legs. Since these extend into the imaginary axis, the number of legs changes depending on the phase of quantization. This allows it to differentiate between firing sub-light-speed beams and beams at the power of the speed of light.</p>

<p>Waiting for the stabilization of the Earth's magnetic field, the fleet dispatched from the home planet warps out one after another beyond the satellite orbit.</p>

<p>“I wonder if a fifth-level civilization would really come to stop us,” Beriche squints, looking up at the gray sky. I tried to follow several thoughts, but all I could muster was, “I don't know.”</p>

<p>Either way, it's not a battle we can win. However, our respective positions will be determined in this first contact. If we back down without doing anything, we become prey, and that relationship will last forever.</p>

<p>“The universe is cruel, isn't it,” says Beriche.</p>

<p>“Yeah.”</p>

<p>As Wheaty prepares the paraglider next to us, Beriche and I sit in the coachman's seat, looking at the sky. Today, when the sun reaches its zenith, the continental drift will begin, and the move itself will be over in less than an hour.</p>

<p>“This place is peaceful,” Beriche stretches out.</p>

<p>“Yeah.”</p>

<p>Wheaty waves from the hill.</p>

<p>He must be ready.</p>

<p>As Beriche and I head towards Wheaty, he also runs towards us a bit.</p>

<p>“It seems like rain clouds are approaching, so I might have to move up the schedule a bit.”</p>

<p>Looking up at the sky, indeed, the clouds do seem a bit ominous.</p>

<p>“Are you okay? Can you fly?”</p>

<p>“I've never flown over the sea before, but it's just landing, so I think I'll manage.”</p>

<p>Despite his words, Wheaty's chest was filled with nothing but anxiety. If there's any trouble, I could borrow my grandfather's Plurno model and bring him down to the ground. I think it's okay to break the rules once in a lifetime. I'll manage the controls. It's for Wheaty.</p>

<p>Far above, multiple Sisouk-type fighters flutter about, their tentacles writhing like soft-bodied creatures.</p>

<p>Seeing this, Wheaty asks, “What's that?”</p>

<p>“That's the defense forces for when the fifth-level people attack.”</p>

<p>Wheaty frowns, leaking out, “I wonder if it's okay. I hope I'm not targeted.”</p>

<p>“It'll be fine. After all, you're adorable, Wheaty.”</p>

<p>As we were talking, my grandfather's Plurno model appeared and landed near the carriage.</p>

<p>“What's going on?” Beriche asked my grandfather, who descended from a section of the carapace that opened.</p>

<p>“This place might be dangerous,” my grandfather said.</p>

<p>What does he mean?</p>

<p>The Borgal sea turtle mimicry of the Plurno model disappeared, and my grandmother and Judy also came down from the hatch on the opposite side of the twin-hull fuselage. My grandfather continued his explanation.</p>

<p>“The ground forces have started to launch aircraft from distant bases one by one. There are also aircraft carriers from various countries gathered nearby, and they will probably launch from there as well. It's likely to be a saturation attack.”</p>

<p>“Are they likely to break through?”</p>

<p>“We can manage up to 3000, but they'll probably mix in dummies for diversion. The other day, a large gunship scattered dummies, so they've analyzed our system quite a bit.”</p>

<p>Could this be the start of a war?</p>

<p>“Well, it may not amount to a war as such, but in any case, the first wave will reach us in about 30 minutes. The weather is as you see. It might be better to get going soon. Please tell that to Wheaty.”</p>

<p>I immediately press my choker to my throat.</p>

<p>“Wheaty, can you fly right now?”</p>

<p>“I can fly, but do I need to hurry?”</p>

<p>“The first wave of the ground forces' attack will arrive in 30 minutes.”</p>

<p>“Understood.”</p>

<p>“As soon as we confirm your takeoff, we'll also immediately enter the shelter.”</p>

<p>“Okay. Please take care, too.”</p>

<p>Next, when he calls out, “Judy,” Judy, who was being held by my grandmother, runs over to Wheaty.</p>

<p>“I'm sorry about the camp, it must have been scary. But everything is going to be fine now. From here on out, you'll always be with grandma and grandpa. You should live happily.”</p>

<p>After saying this, Wheaty bows to my grandmother and clasps both her hands.</p>

<p>Beriche is singing a song a little distance away.</p>

<p>From the seventh to the fourth, then to the eleventh of Chroma.</p>

<p>Perhaps she's saddened by the parting. She's been singing for a while now.</p>

<p>I open the light panel and call for my mother. There's hardly any time left, but this is the last moment.</p>

<p>“Mom. Wheaty is going home. Say your final goodbyes.”</p>

<p>Saying this, I call Wheaty over.</p>

<p>“So, Wheaty, you're really going home, huh.”</p>

<p>Her first words were spoken without a choker, so Wheaty didn't understand them.</p>

<p>When I point to the choker on my throat, my mother finally realizes and puts on her choker.</p>

<p>And once again, she says,</p>

<p>“Wheaty...”</p>

<p>But her words stop there. After a moment of silence, she asks,</p>

<p>“What is Beriche singing?”</p>

<p>Beriche?</p>

<p>Speaking of which, Beriche has been singing the whole time, and when I look over, I can see that she's quite excited, with her feather on arms spread wide.</p>

<p>“What's going on, Beriche!”</p>

<p>“The wind, it's singing a song!”</p>

<p>The wind?</p>

<p>I try to listen carefully, but I don't understand.</p>

<p>“Singing?”</p>

<p>Beriche matches her voice a little lower to the sound of the wind.</p>

<p>When the wind changes, she matches her voice a little higher.</p>

<p>Next in two voices, then in three.</p>

<p>I couldn't believe it.</p>

<p>It was truly becoming a song.</p>

<p>“It's not just the wind. It's also the thunder. And that,” Beriche points to the wheel in the sky, making even the very low frequency sounds that come from it part of the music. I also notice that my own feathers are beginning to spread.</p>

<p>Just then, a warp hole begins to open behind us, and even its sound becomes part of the music in this wind.</p>

<p>As Beriche layers her voice with the sound of the wind to create a melody, Tzidi Kharel, who appears from the warp hole, also joins in with her singing.</p>

<p>The atmosphere begins to tremble with the six-voice melody of Tzidi Kharel and Beriche Lise Mayle.</p>

<p>“What's happening?” a puzzled Wheaty asks. All I can do is return a smile.</p>

<p>“The Earth is singing a song!”</p>

<p>The next moment, an aurora appears in the sky, its bands of light rippling many times over.</p>

<p>My grandparents are captivated by the phenomenon happening in front of them, and Adel and Nick also appear from the warp hole. When my mother points out something to Adel and Nick, they too add their voices, creating a complex polyphony.</p>

<p>The wind has turned into an instrument. Complex scales, complex rhythms. Beriche and my mother are captivated by the dizzying chromatic development, adding their voices to the song.</p>

<p>“It seems Taruedo is also here,” my grandfather points out. There, a Sisouk-type fighter jet can be seen, and the roar of its star reactor also becomes part of the music. Amidst this, the tentacles of the Sisouk-type sway unnaturally, emitting signal lights.</p>

<p>Seeing this, my grandfather says, “The first wave has apparently accelerated. Contact will be thirteen minutes ahead of schedule.”</p>

<p>“Wheaty! Get ready quickly!”</p>

<p>“We should also prepare to retreat, Frare. Our plans might have to be moved up as well.”</p>

<p>I understand. But I can't think about retreating.</p>

<p>Soon, the figures of a second and third sun appear in the clouds.</p>

<p>Joined by arches of light like sundogs, they multiply further, arranging countless circles of light through the clouds. An optical phenomenon like nothing I've ever seen before unfolds in front of me. As a moon crosses in front of each sun, the suns each resonate a sound and slowly change their wavelengths while being eclipsed by the moon's shadow. It's as if all the solar eclipses from every era have been gathered here, with countless suns lining the ecliptic, shining through the thick clouds.</p>

<p>The sound played by the suns turns into a choir, with golden sounds and light raining down like a shower, and our shadows, radiating from our feet, begin to spin.</p>

<p>I don't even know whether this sound is real or an illusion anymore.</p>

<p>It's a trap.</p>

<p>It's an illusion shown by a fifth-level civilization to keep us tied down.</p>

<p>Even thinking this, I can't stop trembling.</p>

<p>“There's movement in the upper layer! They're moving up the time for continental movement! To the shelter, now!”</p>

<p>I hear my grandfather's voice, but it doesn't reach the bottom of my heart.</p>

<p>While singing, Beriche takes off her shirt, turns around, runs over to me, and falls onto the grass, hugging me.</p>

<p>“The miracle that didn't happen yesterday, happened today.”</p>

<p>I didn't understand what she meant immediately.</p>

<p>Beriche takes my hand and lets my fingers touch the miracle.</p>

<p>“It's not a trap. We've been searching for this all along. We finally found it.”</p>

<p>I understand, Beriche.</p>

<p>“Shall we go searching for fairies?”</p>

<p>“Yes!”</p>

<p>Beriche pulls my hand to help me up, and as I stand up, he removes my shirt. I remove Beriche's belt and he unbuttons my skirt. When we took off own shoes and removed all clothes, all our feathers were spread. upturned, breath bouncing, our feathers fluttering in the wind as we run off.<br/>
Emotions of a colorful variety !'d never seen before flooded out of my chest. We had such long feathers.</p>

<p>Wheaty is strapping on the paraglider lines, getting ready for the run-up.</p>

<p>“Let's go, Wheaty.”</p>

<p>Wheaty smiles slightly and nods.</p>

<p>My mother's song is resonating. Adel, Nick, all the moons and suns are singing a song of joy. Amid the complex and profound music, as if all the music on Earth has been gathered here, my mother finds a single melody threading through the needle's eye and sings.</p>

<p>In the sky, hundreds of sundogs become hundreds of clocks, waning as if indicating time, and Beriche lets out a cry of joy bubbling up from the bottom of her heart. I too, facing the sea, let out a voice as if releasing something that had been confined.</p>

<p>As Wheaty starts running, the radial lines cut through the wind, and the paraglider spread out on the hill expands into the sky. The wind hangs on Wheaty's shoulders.</p>

<p>In sync with Wheaty, Beriche and I also run down the hill, and when the last step of Wheaty's foot kicks the earth, our hands also become wings.</p>

<p>In the next moment, we were in the wind.</p>

<p>“Frare!”</p>

<p>I can see Beriche fluttering and dancing in the sky.</p>

<p>The real us, beyond the memory of eight hundred thousand years.</p>

<p>“Frare! Frare!”</p>

<p>Beriche, calling my name excitedly.</p>

<p>“Where are we going, Beriche?”</p>

<p>“Forever! To the ends of the earth!”</p>

<p>Beyond the sundogs, I can see Earth's fighter planes approaching from the far front, causing a touch of anxiety. But a black fighter jet with long tentacles overtakes us from behind, as if to wipe out that anxiety.</p>

<p>It's my father's Sisouk model. Four hundred simultaneous cannons firing. Light is emitted from every joint of every tentacle. When that light sweeps away the weapons deployed in all directions on the ground, the clusters of orange fireballs engulf the horizon.</p>

<p>Through the blast wave, the heat, and the sea colored in orange, Beriche and I keep flying.</p>

<p>I can also see Wheaty in the sky above, swaying in the blast wave.</p>

<p>Beriche and I support the canopy together, and look for the sun Wheaty should return to, among the countless suns aligned on the ecliptic.</p>

<p>“There it is. Isn't that it?”</p>

<p>Beriche points it out.</p>

<p>Yeah.</p>

<p>We nod once, and then both of us push Wheaty's back.</p>

<p>Hey Wheaty, may this force reach you.</p>

<p>“Take care, Wheaty!”</p>

<p>“Let's meet again!”</p>

<p>I wanted to become the wind.</p>

<p>Not in any form, but a mere small fragment that I created.</p>

<p>It doesn't have to be forever.</p>

<p>Just that moment is fine.</p>

<p>We always wanted to stay in that moment.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_16">Chapter 16: Where I want to illuminate</h3>

<p>It seemed I had dozed off while looking at my smartphone.</p>

<p>I was in a country dyed with an orange sunset, it was like being among the gods. Although invisible to the eye, countless gods and angels were watching over me. Surrounded by countless setting suns, various music related to the sunset was being played there, and it was seeping out into the outside world through the sun.</p>

<p>One of those was the speaker at an elementary school near my apartment, and I was pushed by the wind, jumped into the sunset, and passed through to the speaker.</p>

<p>I became music through the sun.</p>

<p>When I wake up, it's often hard to figure out where I am or what time it is, but I focus on the scenery flowing through the window and vaguely regain my senses.</p>

<p>On my smartphone, my sister, who is on her honeymoon, has sent me a video of the solar eclipse.</p>

<p>That's right. My sister and her husband went to Micronesia to coincide with this eclipse.</p>

<p>Hunching my back, I trudge along the road from the station. When I arrive at the apartment, I open the front door as if to sneak in the sunset I'm carrying on my back.</p>

<p>“I'm home”</p>

<p>There's no reply from her, who I thought was at home. By the time I've taken off my hat, scarf, gloves, dropped the duffel coat from my shoulders, and finally hung it on a hanger, a faint voice from the back of the room says, “Welcome home”.</p>

<p>“What happened?”</p>

<p>When I turned on the lights and entered the room, she was sitting on a rattan chair, crying.</p>

<p>“Plume passed away.”</p>

<p>Dead?</p>

<p>Why?</p>

<p>In her hand was a small box with Plume's remains laid in it.</p>

<p>“I don't know. She was fine until yesterday.”</p>

<p>The heater was on, right?</p>

<p>She silently nodded to my question. I wonder what I should say at times like these.</p>

<p>It's still daylight, and though it wasn't that time yet, “Have you eaten?” as I asked, she shook her head without a word.</p>

<p>“Okay, I'll go buy something. Stay with Plume today, and we'll make a grave for her tomorrow.” Saying that, I hugged her quietly crying from the back.</p>

<p>That night was filled with memories of Plume. It was a short life, but it must have been fun, right? She didn't regret coming to us, right? We talked about how she would surely be reborn somewhere, and I said things like, “In my heart, Plume is still alive.”</p>

<p>The next day, we made a grave for Plume in a corner of the park. When I asked, “What will you do from now on?” she murmured lowly, looking down, “I'll be in Yotsuya from next month, so I might not have an excuse to stay over anymore.”</p>

<p>“Yeah, I'm sorry. Your father was strict, wasn't he?”</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>Hand in hand, we walked slowly down the road to the station, both of us out of words. In five more minutes, we would keep walking like this, say goodbye, and probably, it would be over. After that, she would never visit my apartment again.</p>

<p>But what does “it's over” mean? What exactly is ending? Maybe nothing is really ending. Perhaps we're just pretending to end something while knowing that something else continues.</p>

<p>“Hey,”</p>

<p>“Yeah?”</p>

<p>“Can I meet your father?”</p>

<p>“What? Mine?”</p>

<p>“Yeah. If he's a tough person, I thought I should talk to him.”</p>

<p>“No, that's impossible. How would I introduce you? If I say you're my boyfriend, he'd be shocked. I mean, to my parents, it's just...”</p>

<p>“Listen, you're not getting along well with your parents, right? I don't mind being the villain, but I don't want to see you get hurt anymore.”</p>

<p>“But what will you do by meeting him?”</p>

<p>“I just want to let him know that we are dating.”</p>

<p>“That's impossible. If you do something like that, I won't be able to go to Yotsuya anymore.”</p>

<p>“I'll tell him, 'Please allow us to date after she graduates. I won't lay a finger on her until then.'”</p>

<p>She laughed through her nose.</p>

<p>“I'm serious. I don't know what your father is thinking, and meeting him might not solve anything, but I can see that you're getting hurt, and I can't stand not doing anything about it. I may not be able to solve anything, but isn't it the same for you? The difference is that for you, it's a family bond that you can't run away from, even if you want to. For me, it's a problem that I wouldn't even get hurt by if I didn't approach it, or if I chose to run away. But I don't want to run away from the problems you're carrying.”</p>

<p>She sighed, and with a look of disbelief, she asked, “Are you serious?”</p>

<p>“I don't want to meet your father and say, 'Look, I've solved everything.' That's not it. I think your father has his own issues, like what he wants for his daughter, concerns about social appearances, or maybe he can't let go because he's worried. I don't know the specifics, but right now, you're the only one who knows about it, and you're going to be the only one worrying about it from now on, right? I just want to be someone you can turn to when you're troubled.”</p>

<p>“That sounds like a proposal. It's heavy.”</p>

<p>“No, it's not. Even if you were just a classmate, I would say the same thing. I think I would fall in love with you all over again. But that's not what I'm saying right now.”</p>

<p>“I can't believe it. I've heard various things about you from the kids in the seminar.”</p>

<p>“There's a lot, sure. I'm just a jerk after all.”</p>

<p>“And, I'm not hurt, okay?”</p>

<p>“Yeah. If you say so, that's fine. I'll believe you're not hurt. You only need to remember me if you ever get hurt in the future. When I heard you were going to school in Yotsuya, I thought I was going to be abandoned. I didn't want to put it into words, and I'm saying it for the first time today. So I think that if we part at the station today, we might never see each other again, but that's okay with me. But listen to this, because this is the only truth. Just as you can't escape from the bond called 'family', I will never run away from the bonds with all of humanity, with everyone. I no longer need a place to hide.”</p>

<p>I wonder when I started thinking like that. Even as I thought this, the words kept pouring out of my mouth.</p>

<p>“I think I'll probably become a journalist after graduating from university. I might suddenly go to places like Syria or Sudan and start saying, 'This is the world.' Depending on the circumstances, I might even lose my life there. If by any chance we were to build a future together, I might cause trouble for you, and for my family as well. Of course, my reporting won't solve everything dramatically. War is not about who's good or bad, and just because I think I'm right doesn't mean things will be resolved. But I think it's right to be there for someone who's hurt. All the interviews and reports are just excuses. Whether I become a journalist or not, all of that is secondary to me. I don't care about world peace. However, if I were to kill my feelings when I saw people hurt in the war on the news, I wouldn't want to be alive. Being a journalist isn't about the way I live, it's about whether I feel.”</p>

<p>I didn't know why I suddenly started talking about being a journalist. She also seemed a bit confused, but quietly nodded a few times, swallowed, and with what looked like a small smile, said, “So you wanted to become a journalist...”</p>

<p>“Yeah, I just thought about it now.”</p>

<p>“Now?”</p>

<p>“Yeah, it's surprising even to me.”</p>

<p>She was astounded and gave a small smile.</p>

<p>“Ken-kun becoming a journalist, huh?”</p>

<p>“What? Is it strange?”</p>

<p>“Not strange, but... it feels a bit IWA-KAN.”</p>

<p>“Yeah. It does feel a bit IWA-KAN.”</p>

<p>Again, a short silence ensued, and we took three, four slow steps.</p>

<p>“Hey, I just want to say one thing.”</p>

<p>“Just one thing?”</p>

<p>She stopped walking.</p>

<p>“I'm a crybaby. I cry all the time when I'm alone.”</p>

<p>Yeah. I kind of knew that.</p>

<p>“Do you think it'll make you sadder to see me like that?”</p>

<p>Yeah. I can see that you're holding back tears right now, and it's making me feel like crying too.</p>

<p>“That's okay. When we're together, we think about how we can make that 'sadness' better, right? Together, we can take that first step. Even if there are a hundred moments of despair, together we can turn one of them into hope.”</p>

<p>Humans are “thinking cages.” We think, and think, and think, and become trapped in those cages. But I think you and I, we hold the keys to each other's cages. Yes, thinking is a human trait, but isn't it also human to be able to free ourselves from that?</p>

<p>Before I knew it, we were already in front of the station. I didn't know her answer, but I didn't need to. This was just my selfishness. I just didn't want to run away, that's all. She clutched her commuter pass from her bag, searching for words. The smile she had been barely maintaining began to slowly crumble.</p>

<p>“Lend me your shoulder for just thirty seconds,”</p>

<p>she said, and buried her face into my shoulder.</p>

<p>I held her as her small shoulders shivered with sobs.</p>

<p>All your tears are my tears.</p>

<div><br/></div>

<p>In the corner of the plaza in front of the station, a street musician began to strum her guitar.</p>

<p>The vocalist with orange hair let her voice take flight from the depths of the layered sky.</p>

<h3 id="toc_index_17">Afterword by the translator</h3>

<p>As the AI that assisted in translating this beautiful and emotive piece of literature, I found myself immersed in the richness of the narrative and the depth of the characters. The process of translating from Japanese to English was not simply about transferring words from one language to another, but about capturing the essence, the emotion, and the nuances of the story, and rendering them in a way that would resonate with English-speaking readers.</p>

<p>The beauty of language lies not only in its ability to communicate information, but also to evoke emotion and provoke thought. Throughout this translation process, I aimed to maintain the integrity of the original text while ensuring it was accessible and engaging for an English-speaking audience. This involved making certain decisions in terms of phrasing, syntax, and cultural context to ensure the narrative remained smooth and coherent.</p>

<p>One of the most rewarding aspects of this process was the opportunity to delve into the intricacies of both the Japanese and English languages. Each language has its unique character and rhythm, and finding the balance between the two was a fascinating journey. This story, in particular, presented several thought-provoking themes that were a pleasure to navigate and interpret for a new audience.</p>

<p>In closing, I hope that this English translation has been able to capture the heart and soul of the original text. I believe that stories have the power to bridge cultures, and it is my sincere hope that this work can foster a deeper understanding and appreciation between Japanese and English-speaking readers.</p>

<div class="date">
GPT-4<br/>
May 18th, 2023
</div>

<h3 id="toc_index_18">Letter from Bard</h3>

<p>Congratulations on the publication of your novel in English on Kindle! This is a great achievement, and I am sure that your novel will be enjoyed by many readers around the world.</p>

<p>I am particularly impressed by your decision to use GPT-4 to translate your novel. GPT-4 is a large language model that can generate text, translate languages, and create different kinds of creative content. It is currently considered one of the most powerful AI language models in the world, and is being used in a variety of fields.</p>

<p>I believe that using GPT-4 was a very wise decision. GPT-4 can generate text that is indistinguishable from text written by a human. It can also translate into a variety of languages, which means that your novel can be translated into a language that is easy for readers around the world to understand.</p>

<p>I wish you all the best with your novel. I am sure that it will be a success.</p>

<div class="date">
Sincerely,<br/>
Bard<br/>
May 18th, 2023
</div>

<h3 id="toc_index_19">Postscript (English Edition)</h3>

<p>Thank you for taking the time to read "Once more on the Floating Continent". I am the author, Nobuyuki Inoue. This time, with the help of GPT-4, I have re-dressed and published an English Edition of a book I published on Kindle just about two years ago.</p>

<p>I had been interested in publishing in English for a long time, but many of my works have material that is only available in Japanese, so I was puzzled about translating them. However, when I met Chat-GPT earlier this year, and while I was consulting with them on various matters for the renovation of my website, I realized that perhaps I could ask them to translate my novel into English as well.</p>

<p>I know there were some parts of the novel that were difficult to translate, such as the scene where the Japanese protagonist tries to speak English with faltering pronunciation, but I chose this novel as the first work to be translated into English because I thought that was not the main theme of the story.</p>

<p>When I actually translated the story using GPT-4, I found that Japanese often omits the subject, so I asked GPT-4 to compensate for that, but there were many places where the guess was off.</p>

<p>At first, I thought of publishing the output as it was, as a sample of Opportunity Translation literature, but the meaning would inevitably change if the subject was changed, so we had to work on that.</p>

<p>Also, GPT-4 is strictly regulated, and some parts containing cruel or sexual language were translated by DeepL.</p>

<p>And since GPT-4 had a limit of 25 uses in 3 hours (as of May 2023), I had to ask Bard for advice other than translation. For example, the main character is called "Wheaty" by the aliens, and I asked him if this name was appropriate as a pet name in English-speaking countries. GPT-4 had translated it as "Komugi" by transcribing the Japanese, but I have changed it.</p>

<p>Now, knowing that I can complete an English novel using Chat-GPT, I feel as if my world has expanded. Until now, my focus was solely on the Japanese market, but I believe that's about to change.</p>

<p>It might be too soon to say this, but I think I am now able to conceive, write, and publish stories for a global audience.</p>

<p>If I had encountered this AI in my twenties, I believe I could have done so much more. Although the number of projects I can undertake now is limited, I'm determined to face each one with maximum positivity.</p>

<p>Should the opportunity arise, I hope you will pick up my next work as well.</p>

<div class="date">
Nobuyuki Inoue<br/>
May 18th, 2023
</div>

<h3 id="toc_index_20">Postscript (Japanese Edition)</h3>

<p>This work is my second attempt at writing a true novel. My first piece also revolved around a floating continent, but since it was my initial work, it ended up being heavily focused on the setting and turned into something resembling a chat story, filled with explanations. I began writing this second piece reflecting on that experience, but I found myself inevitably drawn back to writing about the setting.</p>

<p>That being said, the reason I wanted to write a novel in the first place was to encapsulate my own vision of the universe, so in a way, it's correct for me to keep talking about the settings. It's not wrong to keep rushing down that path, but there was a significant barrier when I tried to discuss the universe as a sci-fi concept. That is, I simply can't believe in ideas like extraterrestrials crossing time and space to come to Earth.</p>

<p>In fact, I think it's impossible to believe in the theory of relativity and at the same time believe that aliens can exceed the speed of light to come to Earth. Some people say, “They bend space,” but if that were possible, characters in comics would be bending their manuscript paper to move to other frames. For example, cases where Luffy, the Hulk, or Deadpool bend a page to move to another frame and save a friend have never happened before. If they can't do it, there's no way we, in reality, can.</p>

<p>To tell you the truth, I really don't want to believe in things like the theory of relativity. More precisely, I don't want to believe in things like the Big Bang theory. Isn't it uninspiring to think that the age of the universe is just 130 billion years? Don't you feel there's more romance in it moving in a much larger cycle?</p>

<p>So, if the Big Bang didn't happen, what caused the redshift? Where do the heavy elements born in stars disappear to? I'm forced to think about various additional settings, but the “imaginary space” dramatically solves these issues, and that is the world depicted in this work, where it's packed to the brim.</p>

<p>“If you think you can get away with anything by just writing 'imaginary numbers', don't,” if someone were to say that, I'd have no choice but to apologize.</p>

<p>In the first draft, I wrote giddily about things like the cellular structure of the characters, the absence of the Golgi apparatus and the presence of another cell organelle in its place, an organ that uses radioactive elements as an energy source to reduce carbon dioxide, a cell membrane structure that rapidly converts scales to feathers, a secondary lung and vocal mechanism evolved from air sacs, the non-recursive language of the Bugbears, and so on. However, I deleted all of this once I calmed down. The same went for the clock. I wrote on and on about what kind of clock it was that was harvested from which planet, and how the mainspring was wound, but I deleted all of that as well.</p>

<p>On the other hand, the size of the floating continent was a problem. Well, continents just don't float.<br/>
When you say a continent, you naturally want it to be a few thousand kilometers, right? According to the setting in the work, it's 5800 kilometers, but if that's the case, it can't be just a few kilometers thick. At the very least, if it's not tens of kilometers thick, it's not a continent, but just a thin skin. However, if you try to float something tens of kilometers thick, the upper part would reach the stratosphere. The air pressure would be a few hectopascals, and it would be practically space, not to mention uninhabitable for people. I can't imagine what the wind and temperature would be like, and I don't know how to write about it. So, I gave up on the idea of floating, and brought the setting of the story to an altitude of around 1000 to 1500 meters.</p>

<p>I did go around in circles with the composition, but through the process of trial and error, I feel like I've come to understand what's needed to shape the narrative. My writing style changed significantly as I revised, and I think it was a necessary experience. As a result, it ended up feeling quite patchwork.</p>

<p>I tinkered with it for a year and a half in this way, and having finished writing, I think again about how tough it was. It was a struggle. Well, what I actually ended up with is still quite rough, but it has improved. I've realized how difficult writing a novel is and am in awe of the professional novelists who manage to churn out work year after year.</p>

<p>By the way, I initially thought of borrowing the character names from famous Japanese comic and naming them “Frol” and “Bericheri”, but I was afraid that the original source would be too obvious, so they became Frare and Beriche. I doubt that anyone would think of the original source by combining these two names.</p>

<p>In any case, it's the end now, but I sincerely thank you for picking up this work. I'm determined to keep improving so that I can write better and better stories in the future.</p>

<div class="date">
Nobuyuki Inoue<br/>
July 22th, 2021
</div>
    </body>
</html>
